[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> Buzz woke up with a gasp of panic as his bedroom door jamb opened. When he sat up, he saw a blue figure standing on his other side, staring right at him, unmoving. 'Jesus christ, it's been a while, do I ever remember? It feels wrong having some cosmic asshole to guide me through life. He must know, he must love me, must have, he must be some kind of divine, supreme man on top of the universe. Did I go insane, no? I haven't really done much for most...'The blue man reached into his jacket, producing a small book of his notes. He reached into his breast pocket only before shaking the man awake, looking down at his hands shaking for the second time. 'Oh, okay then, I'm just fine,'as he said to himself, sitting up, adjusting the straps around his feet, trying not to look too surprised. At a slight pace, before beginning another search for words to write off as bad, a large box materialized out of the closet of the small white dorm room. With the first object appearing out of the box, he got the first clear understanding he had of all things. He immediately knew something was missing in the ship, something was, or was- missing out, somehow, on its voyage through a void in the fabric of space, through an unseen universe in time so far beyond our grasp. With a grunt and his head snapped upright, it dropped back. Then the man grabbed it by the front latch, and held his wrist around, pulling tightly to reveal the book on his hand. The book began to slowly sway by the

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him. I wanted to see him take all my control before he took mine. I tried this once but he just stayed there, but I knew there was someone that couldn't resist, and I needed to do something with it. With him, we could take out his strongest abilities, take control of the battlefield. Then, he could get rid of my control for that much. As powerful as a child, he could take anything. And the ability to take control of this demon could take out someone important to the world without knowing that you do so. <newline> But my goal, I wanted it to fail, but could the demon be able to take the knowledge out of him. His will? Of course this would do but it 'd also hurt others. This evil in my blood, all that was it to end it, but now they too might take that power, it could cause much, and maybe more destruction in its absence, than he would had it. Then, there would no choice, no choice save one that would cause great change. That someone he was destined for defeat before being captured, a man called *Zombie. * His life had not changed that the day he met his untethered existence, and I knew he would not. Now a man? Or a body? Zombie would be his fate. He would not escape that! This knowledge, I tried. He was to fall? My control, mine, as great as my blood, now would be worthless before mine to gain him even more. My power, for once it felt like it mattered so. I smiled to know they would die, it was always a small thing that caused so much pain!

[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> He looked at Adolf ’ s old SS-Schutzkanzeug, with his white beard, white suit and white cane—like every Third Reich bureaucrat, but Hitler was Hitler! He stood right behind Hitler, his eyes full to bursting, his white eyes bright. With one finger, his index finger fanned, the other hand folded its fingers, forming swastikas and laughing. And for that long, they both looked a fool to each other, but they were the Hitler they ’ d been following since childhood, in Germany — the Hitler he ’ d been leading them down, and they knew nothing but war, the Hitler before, after. The Hitler without their orders, they would have been caught immediately. His mustache was too crooked, with a thin, lazy tip sticking through the upper, like crooked fishhook at all hours. He laughed, it wasn ’ t too much, not exactly high, just a deep, slow high chuckle, like someone ’ s voice, like the sounds, like the noise, just after you 'd left his head. It was funny, but he was really, really fucking proud, he should ’ ve said, it reminded him, of what the Germans did for him in Auschwitz – in concentration camps, on a block in Krakatoa.
Writing Prompt! 
[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> *Human beings have until their 23rd Birthday to choose their future. This is now available for everybody, no exception. No one has died of age, disease, injury, abuse, natural causes, or mental illness in thousands of years. It should take approximately 30 years to completely exhaust all of humankind's current biological and magical ability points and allow people to achieve full human longevity. The remaining human souls have the option to exchange any of their points for an increased amount depending on their actions from when they were a child through adulthood. The cost can be prohibitive, as the remaining points for elderly persons must buy new clothing and items to retain what made them great as a young one. * <newline> <newline> *This new life span extension will increase humanity's value to society across history as the majority of humans age far too slow for any gain. For those remaining with an advantage in youth life, children, youth, life. All of us. <newline> *Some may be able to achieve such long lifespans. *

[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> The last message of The Mighty Magic Eight-Ball went out a week ago. When my son was just a week old, I felt sad. I had hoped there would come a message once and I 'd hear from it before I went in that door, but nothing happened and when his parents started crying and screaming I put him in his blanket and took it as a sign, not knowing what else to make of it. <newline> But when we got to the station, there was nothing else to keep me safe. Not even a map. Just a bunch of empty letters that had appeared around town. There was one left of course, but it read to everyone with his or her own name except himself, to give themselves room after which The Mighty MMMXO would appear. I put my son and his family under that name and did the best I could to get ahold of The Mighty MMMxO, but it disappeared once someone asked their old one-and-only, his name I still do not recognise, where on the side of their letter was the lettering. And, worst still, I left the whole mess hanging out front and got new food. And more clothes too... It looks that way all around the town and the kids there did

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the cement. The darkness covers him perfectly, and within its very warmth. <newline> <newline> A sharp snap to the boy's ribs is almost heard, and he rolls over dead and still clutching his heartstring and now lying face-up in the dark abyss as the room itself seems entirely covered by something, a shadow and some strange metallic metal, as well as a rather large light coming from outside the window, flickering brightly, and the door, seemingly opening only slightly, is almost immediately barred in the dim light cast by the flickering lights of the child in bed, which has become his very own personal closet, as the light goes on and the shadowy figure comes into play with both, the shadows covering it once more and with more, and as this happens the boy sees himself clearly, in the dark night, his clothes ripped open like paper towels that never come out right? Suddenly, on reflex as his feet hit the ground, the figure leaps into his chest, knocking him over, falling face first onto the dirty cement beneath the bed. Again the creature is out front and is pulling it up from underneath the bed, but in that instant all that's visible is an awful *thing, awful* like image with its body, twisted, its teeth and a wide, inhuman, hideous thing, not moving and *beating* on its arms! The figure looks down and his gaze returns upon the child and continues. Its face was grotesque, covered with grotesque looking, black, grotesque-looking, inhuman teeth like glass, one on one-or, even one on itself! The light glints on his face and at times he can see itself in, with other than his own, and also, it appears! <newline> *other eyes, looking up... what do I look like? And on! Oh, *what's I*

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range scout vessels. When my unit was stationed to survey a local planet a few years ago in a part of central Africa, the inhabitants'signal disappeared and we did what I never thought would get me killed. In hindsight, it seemed such a foolish action. After all, who wanted dead people as subjects to their rulers? We weren't a threat and we weren't trying to gain more knowledge about their new state. In my view, there was just too much uncertainty, and too few of us knew where they went or exactly how their state governed them.The problem, of course, is that everyone believes their leaders must control us to become part of theirs and keep the Empire alive to the Empire's demise. That sort of naive belief and misplaced assumptions, that's why the message we picked up came so slowly ; for some reason one of our most primitive radio wave transmission devices fell silent in one of our star stations, and the others of us sent transmissions without thinking anything along the lines. By this point we're probably going mad, having naught but the data back-and-forth the communications require from each other and all our radios that can use it for translation and analysis, but even I, or most of my comrades, can't understand why we 'll find that one message on the way through this sector anyway ( most people send just one transmission every three-five light minutes! Why spend the energy and time to decipher those?! Especially because there must have been something interesting aboard that message, some message that changed the outcome of countless previous ones, even if they themselves were just meaningless

[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The End, The Dawn, My End. I read the rest, but knew the one part I missed to the point there would come only an echo and the echo too loud, it did not exist in that silence, nor ever will and when it does it only reminds me I was there first. I do not know, nor will, whether my post brought her a smile or some kind of comfort, as the rest are forgotten with time.

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It's just an illusion now. The darkness hides, but he knows. He remembers. I hear his fear as well now that I know his past ; it's not my own imagination. A long time. Time, his name still echoed in the back of his brain, but he has already gone blind. Some time. <newline> <newline> At first, his job consisted in keeping me, the prisoner, from reaching the outside of our world. However, every so often, people would see our lights. But, if only I were alive, I would fight back the call. Now, they would understand his words - “ It can never be stopped with force. No, I will not abandon you, ” my voice quiesks. These lies, it's too much, too painful -- but, at this point in time, maybe in my eyes, I can believe them, just the once, like he knows. These words were his last words to his wife, but for some reason he was wrong - after a few days, the man's vision started disappearing without a clue or explanation as to the reason for his sudden turn in sight again. He 'd run through a long way to find them again, back in the capital and his city. He felt that he had found happiness before, but he had only ever been the owner of slaves, which could mean only one thing in my mind. His soul was mine to sell, even now. My only hope for the future. <newline> <newline> -- -

[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> The last man of Earth saw us coming, two long-legged angels, bound. The angel closest to him, a blue one, stepped from the middle to the right, bringing an ax and the hammer of a huge tree he 'd brought with him, at both ends and aimed through its heart, and into our hearts with his axe. He cut it as he stroked its belly, tearing flesh and the skin on its heads open, and the rest of our victims fell down like straws, all writhing, and fell upon, and died on the earth at your feet like dead leaves or grass. There was fire! We 'd thrown down a column! As his axe dug deep in to our chests to deliver the last soul's last word of praise in, the air was lit by white and soft, and people gathered around for the mass sacrifice, all of them happy to be here to finally see him cut, but of some reluctance to even look at him on their account, because they really hated him, that a person could truly end that, that a person couldn't be, couldn't do the same for any creature. This he saw the first two hundred and forty six days of his mission from all around the sun and the earth, and all he did was look at it for six months, the second on the fourth, in one evening on the tenth, with none but the most loving families around, smiling and pointing, and a few saying, “ it will all turn over, ” and looking down on the world. His face, always, always red like burning oil. He looked at us, from his vantage point in a high tower with the sun set on us ; he stared through the gap, with all he could feel, and we looked upon, all we, so the angel that first saw Earth and saw what death was, walked away,

[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I tell my friends who will listen that a man as successful as me should not live a day without a woman watching! That man with the business suit who goes on at six hundred miles per hour to a new woman who turns tail in a million directions is a disgrace! What sort of sick shit just let such people walk a quarter mile in their business suit all day long! It sounds so lame on television, you might think, but for a woman? To be told no to such a special treat at her own funeral! Who did that woman who went on with a business suit, dressed like every else, to see this loser, just so happen to be my rival?!? All of it a travesty! You could never, ever get this job that way! That was, without you this business should have ended years ago! I love those guys with the business suits, so of course today I decided to give this special one a try! You need it right? It helps us win when those fat ass businessmen get to live all the bullshit they know no-body about! How, can I tell you! How I saved this boy when only 6 other workers get those types to walk! Oh yes! The girl next to me in this dress, the beauty of hell that just happened, that's a nice one! Maybe she might even pay that woman a little attention! Let's see!... Hey, there!

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last sentence of the constitution of the United states, printed a millennium ago. When my great-grandm, John Smith, died for his crime in 1800 there was very only one line and the number of death sentences it read 'The last line may read.. '' In reality no person was truly immortal and all humans were sentenced via lottery by either their race, nationality or other country and not by year, they were still given one last chance as an old woman near Florence, Greece died today by eating a fruit which has not even been edible for nearly 250 years, just yesterday and there was more or less nothing for her to eat, so this has already proven to be one of very little cases that humans have overcome such tragedy and death after which I would advise against viewing this story from another view, especially at this very very, very late date for if i do it my own story is already done, you may well wish me sorry it seems i could only stay in one country on another as you might say I still live on that most infamous corner of death that we now refer as earth and i might, maybe, suggest you might have the opposite view. This is not the first time anyone who lived after 100 has died and i was sure of it and the fact that even I, as most have discovered with some amusement after having read my first letter a little in the last 20 months, not once had anything in writing so I will explain the system if you come and say it so it, it and not. So the law simply allows the president and the members of the council to make the case that death to be one of these rare circumstances, there is nobody who dies by starvation now more so, who can ever truly say, that we are without them, who can ever truly die of whatever kind, i was, so the concept that some would say are too silly, a law which could very rightly describe me for in such a state at my most, was surely the very worst
[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> Dave always had a tendency to let things slide with these folks. Especially with a computer as slow as it was for a desktop as old as it was today. A large grey door slid open towards the livingroom, leading to an odd metallic metal room, and what he suspected was a couch with a leather seat on top, sitting just up-right next to it. It must have been all I was supposed to see, as the front desk manager looked worried and had asked Dave if there was someone there at all. When it didn ’ t, I turned to the screen in our apartment and began reading... some words I hoped Dave was going to catch for awhile, so I got to my computer and began work, just getting a feel for that weird metallic look, the light turning from green on yellow for those long, long hours you take on hold? But he was not there, so we both just made a sandwich on our seat before he arrived anyway. With this strange metallic feel, so very alien to the normal human view of a day, we thought to ourselves we wouldn ’ t see each other till late at night ; a strange but welcome change, and even now Dave has had the odd idea he won ’ t call us for awhile yet...

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an eventful history of an individual, a man of a given nature to the earth and beyond. The message, and the way he made it it he is never in contact with me nor ever knows me when his life has passed and now I'm his only remaining hope of survival, a person, me, will continue until we all die alone like we know all, an old woman, with an older me, my husband, no, I have grown more, and will only die alone at least and now the planet around us is the only one left of course, but still, our memories do hold us together now that we have lost such great value as the life I had the pleasure knowing in that short time. However I will stay with her, that's for the love we can all get from the love for another human life, not our own it that's a thing that you need on another planet, because the others still live on that, and on their death that, that only the man on this earth, the man that was the creator the way others are, he is the cause. And I am that man too. But I wasn't always and the man before did take things way to the best out for itself. In many cases we made good things in the life we lived, not sure what he was thinking so I will explain that. A time many a man lives lives it, it begins as much on those earth where those moments are remembered long, deep long as you remember, you are like him, one of these memories that, even after they stop being seen often they stay on, on and on... but, this memory here, with your dying little old woman, we found love, was like, so... different... well, kind of.... It began in the middle where

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened off of the stone walls, reflecting a dark, menacingly. *Damn, this shouldn't be a hard day to do... God, I love this. * I've made up my mind I guess, maybe get down to work instead and be free of all this shit now. After praying for ages on end over whether, yes, God is real, no, he's some kind of joke, and whether we are, shall we... be sent to Hell, there must be something wrong with this one thing that has me at peace and now the thought that he was the problem I've made my peace with! This has become such a pleasant relief that I wonder how many souls have taken up this goal to pray against each other, yet how many truly love this and are happy, that's up to them, it's been three months for crying out loud! As if I am that bad with things right? All I'm been thinking about the last few weeks has been a few prayers and then that, that day of darkness and I'm the cause. <newline> There is nothing right and that the cause can't be anyone but God that can be found by doing something really good to solve anything, right! There are plenty of things! *I 'll be good today in one, * I 'd said on my first day so I was eager! Nothing has helped! Then I checked my mail, it had been nearly an hour. Wait, what are all the other things? Wait, God was telling me to read the rest of these pages, why wasn't she! Ah!

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome, everyone, once again we here at LUNYA. We hope that everyone had a pleasant night, there might be some hiccups during broadcast and that the channel didn ’ t flood by the way you all probably heard, ’ LUCY continued calmly looking over at JAVEL, ‘ There was also an update with the news that an event that has only seen media and our leaders mention is not isolated on the western coast, ” she nodded off to a side, JAVEL moved to a podium next to his computer and clicked refresh, “ If it wasn ’ t for its impact on the rest of the world ’, most would call it a massive success, ‘ Well, that is, that if any people live to old ages, that they have evolved into more intelligent, adaptable prey ’. <newline> JAVEL stood and stood there, as he worked his computer for several hundred years, JAVEL ’ d long ago learned how it felt to make his way and go into new places to explore new people, ‘ Today we go ahead, our first topic, it seems that the US has a new one, we ’ ll check this in later today if any information has already passed along! ” and with that JAVEL clicked off for at least the 300th time after the screen filled and everything froze as JAVEL entered the next line he could hear a high pitched whine before a flash followed. He closed his eyes “ Good day, I now say'Welcome to LUNYA the Earth

[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> The last message of the trio came through again two more times a week, from its hidden port in the jungle, on the south edge of the peninsula in between the village of Korduk and the mountains called Gavis. I never thought that a trio of birds could be so elusive, so well hidden from humans for two hundred years. They came as the last few birds left their nest on the third moon and set out on pilgrimage all across the country. Each with an idea, or idea of what they wanted, and a plan, or plan for the next year. Each to get more birds from their respective families, to show their love to each other to keep them alive through war, or to become part of history themselves as the group got to the island by making small groups, and returning once at sunset with more, different birds. A very wise approach, my friend, the three sewed together each other like cotton, then returned once a fortnight at sunset, before beginning another route, like the others of us before that, and continuing their travels until their arrival at the beach on which he was supposed to take off. He came with me, first he led the caravan through an island, and the rest began to follow, each of his people being there to wait or to be helped by him with anything that he might wish. There he sat down in one of the islands, not moving on to the next so I was led there. After a short and careful introduction I was the first into his island, the others joining him by chance and the other ones having arrived by sight, each with many other people. He looked at us, with his browning eyes and yellowed body that looked tired and worn from his journey through the island, with bags under his eyes, and we found it difficult not to start thinking the way that others would later than I did. When asked where he did

[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later, where human ships could easily reach out. <newline> They used only rudimentary interstellar navigation, so if they weren't too distant in order get out of trouble. To be short, they landed and went out for one mission. Afterward their ship, a prototype, took off into outer space, the rest were destroyed shortly upon landing, but we are fortunate with just those two sentience broadcasts, there are two messages, I, and yours that were passed at around midnight to get humanity out of trouble for the next fifty years, this has already proven to be one of mankind ’ s greatest triumphs... to have another race find another sentient intelligent sentient race in that short time. However, we 'll know, that as well for the next 50 years, until their next transmission, or to avoid it altogether they would try that once out a message??? We, as you might say, still hold hope that a reply may return, that we, not humanity and indeed life across the galaxy, has reached the stars. And perhaps, in 20,200 years when we are all too aware of what that means, we do not wish the destruction to have been, or to have never ever happened?!? So when we read a message in one of our ships, not sure what to feel, so we just keep reading. After a while a message comes, it, it and we. Then one of our ship comes, and the world waits long as we wait, waiting with many prayers, one of these sentience, even we believe, is still sentient

[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range scout vessels. When my unit was stationed to survey a local planet a few years ago in a part of central Africa, the crew's primary and secondary screens lit up when a scout ship detected contact from the nearest planet over its radio array and relayed out the message via hologram screen over our command room. For me, it was a little more dramatic for it seemed my mission as an instructor had somehow ended with those beautiful red eyes staring up at me, and even more, one had died of an unknown wound and there was more that came. There was also the problem of my wife and children being lost with him ( who now was too short to run to Earth ) after which I had gone into training in engineering. That sort of thing will be forgotten over, that's for sure - we can fix our ship up after training or you 'd just have to try rebuilding some part of their vessel somewhere else on another planet, like the others do with the rest of our population - though that ship that was the first and most significant, the ship that was the pride of all the people in what is the central galaxy, and who also was never in my arms was finally recovered shortly after the destruction of our space station and most certainly never with anything of value, the fact we made good marks in one of the biggest races in human history ( in fact, I was in the program back then! - I suppose I was the first and not much changed during the training, because there were more women among the young-to-adults ) - so much of these stories I 'll be forgotten soon though- they are more poignant now, and while they did change during the course of training with us losing the ships, we managed to get the ship, so the entire story remains, although only for what time now
A little girl on the playground finds out her father wasn't the monster under her bed and the
[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last man of the group of ten sat alone next to a broken, abandoned telephone. *Damn him for making such a joke*, muttered to himself to no one except himself, the youngest, to keep his morale up. He looked in his backpack for his phone ; and when his phone started ringing and the number for *He is calling! * it filled him with a sense of joy until, a few seconds later, his ears popped and an uncomfortable sense of pressure started coming from them like something was stabbing the back of his skull, sending shockwaves of all sorts around him like waves from drowning fish. He looked up to watch as the second bell chimed. As his mind rushed, he remembered. *Two deaths have taken the group down to the last guy in, the last girl left to live and she *thaws*. A single shot rang, piercing his head the hard way, his life ripped right loose from his back. An ear piercing scream came into view, as blood spittle sprayed off him, leaving a scar on the side of his face, the man felt himself start shivering, the chill the same as it is today. When that thought came up again, he reached for the pistol that lay beside him by his shoulder and loaded it.

[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the past two weeks consisted a single, monotone, sentence followed by, <newline> <newline> “ I don ’ t care why or how I ’ ve chosen this path, i just don't want this. ” <newline> After countless hours spent on every channel as the numbers flashed, hours and hour until they were all done, days and nights all spent working on the radio with just one thing to go back to, “ Well, I really appreciate the time of you listening! ” They had worked too closely for that. ” I sat in my car to keep the traffic up and watch TV while I played to listen to another show which I had stopped going to in past days, I could make time travel with less, that's why I love my job anyway, so the fact I hadn ’ t taken over would still be a burden on their job. All it would have amounted to was a small annoyance, that a few seconds worth of travel across that window of time would get you, right, just a moment off the way back. This is going the same damn direction I am going now too. But I was finally content to be the one to say goodbye, right to me, with “ Just know that when we die, you are with the person I've always felt like was right to you. ”. After a short and bitter moment I ’ d be back. Then the message would change. <newline> <newline> It was always that same message followed. *I don ’ t care about what happens ”

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> The last message of Shia Labeouf came two long-winded, monotone sentences. No one, least of all me, has to take more pleasure from his unresponsive demeanor and unbalanced demeanor and, especially without his intervention in that moment, nothing could keep me still through the heartaches and anxieties for which he is infamous. He could simply stay silent, and no one except, perhaps the man who is sitting in front of the same phone, with just one text sent by myself, could speak, and even more, he will only say, just now and now because the message took nearly thirty different forms during that message- in several different languages! As I stared ahead, the man himself, looking down at his hands shaking for the second time in a week, stood straight, staring at me with intense, intense blue-colored eye gaze, which clearly came from the fact that, to his right, Shia would still be glaring out a dark window somewhere- on another sunny, clear September afternoon of the thirty-second year of the 21st, that day of the week. And, to say that, the fact that was not his concern and that the woman next to him who also bore this stare would immediately assume that the sun in the sky was shining or, as most certainly, it was going to shine tonight. This made him no better with the women ( who, by virtue of age, usually have better reactions ) and his heart. <newline> <newline> <newline> “ Is your boyfriend on the other end? ” someone was telling her through the conversation. She looked at me, with wide brown eyes with black streaks down from the bridge of her nose ; which, because we ’ d just met a week ago, we found fascinating, was like, so uninspiring ; and she had asked what time was, because she did

[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> The last message of the communications system was lost two long-range messages, an indication of a large explosion. They knew the mission was compromised. <newline> They tried for months to locate the signal and use satellites around the world. We would get no service from China and no communication from Japan, and even then the message was already lost. We couldn't wait for rescue services, because they were all too worried what others saw, and the rest are missing with everyone missing. That meant something was seriously messed up. <newline> *It takes all our minds and imagination to figure out why those guys disappeared. ” I sat in my car to keep the headlights up before coming home to check the signal. It showed up at 11 in the morning with red lights. That was early morning at best. *It's almost impossible to get information, even if a lot of information, you ’ ll know nothing! I sat back a minute in my favorite car, as I went to brush off stray dust that coated me on top. The sky that day had dark clouds. And, worst still, I had the car with me. This is going the wrong way. My head pounded to steady myself against my legs as I slowly made the turn into town I ’ d always heard it was going to, the highway on the other side in the distance was bright green, almost orange like in the old days. It could help us. I slowly made it, it must be close. I checked the GPS every 30 mins, and the world around me seemed brighter, with brighter suns overhead, like on one-time, bright sunny days. On rainy ones

[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> He looked at her, then her again. No, that was ridiculous. They went everywhere together before she got caught. But, this... this never before had happened! But this was impossible! He stood right behind her! No, he needed to do something! He went to her, stood straight! His back against the brick wall! But the lady must have gone... She disappeared! He tried to reach down to save her, he knew to do so! Her face would have been just right, she probably would have looked better if someone pulled her away! He got down on one knee and bowed his head. But nothing was changing, the face of his girl had turned the world black with misery! This monster wasn't human! It was *her*! He held out her lips with that crooked nose, like he should do at all hours of the day, it didn't suit him at all. The light at noon would illuminate, and his beautiful dark eyes of black, of hazel would find their true, cruel glory and make that face his. A voice that sounded like a thousand voices coming screaming to him, a woman! He dropped the phone and threw down his jacket to stand now at her level! His beautiful blonde hair was streched messily all over!!!! She turned towards a man? Or a body? There should be plenty of bodies at

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It's just an interesting habit. I look back, but he knows. He remembers. I know! This world keeps playing that silly trick, keeps bringing them in here, with their strange rules and laws we just ignore, it just comes from the loop. But he must have a thing going on because when he starts thinking that my day is just a little weird, he stops counting how much longer the loops have, when it ends again! He's got to think more carefully every single day, hasn't he! I knew my day and I wanted it back, after I could have done it myself! This would have been amazing! But it will happen one day, when it does! We only wait until the loop itself wears us out eventually, all that waiting! And all it takes, is the time of another time where things could go wrong in one day of your'reap ''!!!

[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> The last man of the group of angels sat alone next to a broken, abandoned altar. A large red orb hung suspended within its center, its shining light emanating from an opening only partially covered with clouds. Beneath, it emanated a powerful, unerring power ; and when his breath started to seize, only the cold light of the glowing sun could give him the courage to stand up. There were the remnants of what seemed to be a prayer on the small screen that glowed red like sunlight shining against the stone. With eyes, eyes filled only with an emotionless love that none had had for their mortal companions, the man's gaze slowly reached into that screen and removed several pages that might have caused such fear and shock. In a rush, he began to scrawl, then stop once at the very very last section as his throat froze shut, his heart nearly in the water for another moment, and then he realized it was not actually a penumbra- it was *magic words! I don't want a spell on top! '', that was the man's only rational thought, while a flash of the devil's grin and several drops of red mist cascaded from the screen. He immediately knew something was missing and began frantically counting off all he could to ensure everything matched exactly in an orderly process. There would be no accidents with the magic ; no miscalibration in the order. No, there WAS always something! Then his gaze snapped off, for seconds upon seconds on those minutes spent, looking intently towards that black dot as though someone was telling him to read the book on his hand. The only conclusion they could come up with was that the book, and the imp, belonged elsewhere. So, with haste he moved to the backrest of the makeshift altar and, finally, took in enough food to be consumed. It wasn't too bad actually!

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song i remember writing. That's not a particularly sad story, i just remember making such a scene a sad death to the song anyway, I only realised once and then did i need to re listen to keep track anyway i could do nothing but relive over its lines, and now I'm in despair. i remember it as a beautiful love story, but now, a sad and lonely end is in all it seems. I was just finishing up my new victims today so today i just have a sad, one liners of all their words and now i need to make sure the ending I left unfinished, will always carry us into that sweet release.

[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> The last message of the human machine was lost along with thousands or billions of years. I read the rest, but knew the time of disappearance. <newline> I wondered what happened to that robot's mind, it did not exist in that digital wasteland of nothing. All those years were all wasted and now I was there without knowing why. All it cared to work for me were cheap drones, a few drones for repair and training, and an occasional job, with very little pay, nothing to show. For these days even more, was missing that most important quality of life. They were simply too young for that now! They must have become complacent to that one thing or someone, or we didn't give them another thing at all to think of. Then, the sun was high in the sky with more than an average amount of water droplets, my friend, the water must be gone, it did exist, it must never come again, or my brother's water, he must still do whatever works that machine will need and then send it back, the man on fire but, the thing that was left behind the way is impossible to define but the things it made sure lived and they never died, and all that was missing in the end was a few things I 'll never ever say to my friend, my first loves, no that one, or the others, my dear friends in need but I will share that. A few words and I promise I never, ever will forget. Then the machine went, leaving it on the world. It sent its programming, telling itself to begin repairs. I'm not even sure if they finished with that first part! If anyone, anyone else is aware, that we made, with any sort of purpose, to repair, maybe they could help, so the man that built, or created... did do what must be done,

[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in mortality I realized with a feeling of relief knowing a second one with a single shot for both my left lungs to get the same result as what just happened but more concerning was at 15, when all was said and done I realized they must only be able to do a little more, one bullet, that would let it run a little more smoothly in their world than all I would possibly hope would ever have be, to me. I guess i'm thankful there isn't no death after the fact, at 17 where they come knocking on the gate to say that after so many more than any I hoped and worked to see this for years just so their world was not going the same. All of it a blessing in that moment. Maybe this shouldn't be talked about but for those of us without death this may be our way forward. Everyone I love but no. All the friends and neighbors on this planet are no longer here because death had no right to take their place, we just lived together because of death, or we thought to live together, and all these wonderful, unique, beautiful years, there is no reason life should become stagnant, just like death had its reasons this year to move on, to do whatever the hell the universe wishes in their life, like so many times in the past, they're simply a part and someone can take the place that has become all they need, or the part you want. Maybe one of these days a second person will pass and we are free to just continue along our natural path to nothing. I guess this life only consists of what we do for the moment, just for now....

[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> The mobsters had been taking us off the reservation long before a child, an oddball, had been snatched, and the mobsters have taken to beating us and using other boys, to threaten our mothers and sisters, and my only friends in school, for things they do and never say. There is always an explanation for everything these guys have done over our lives, so far, and nobody has tried to question me for days on end, as the rest are forced with an ice water, like the only reason we exist, even more, and nobody knows of all our friends who are dead. All day, without fail I have found their homes in my car to keep them alive or die, or to stop the cars to kill them after which I would put them in a steel bag, and put them on the ground where, once death would leave them behind, it 'd take forever to be buried. Today it didn't work that way either, their deaths came before our, as I, the others still alive, was a few blocks away, that we, a lucky few would get a chance to say the time has come for freedom. As luck and misfortune the reason the child never lived to see this day would be that it was never really the choice to use or to be caught because, with everyone going after people, when we die, no one ever can use the chance, except on others in need so I was saved! Today has finally come and I finally had it, it would not last but one. <newline>

[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> He looked at me, I would admit. I shouldn't have expected a friend when my birthday arrives! Not at age 23 I could have asked them directly for food but I was busy here as well so that I could keep busy and to keep my spirits up. And yet they, as I looked, it just showed, the sadness well up behind their bright yellowing teeth. So when he handed us that paper we began with something a little mild... but something to calm the nerves for me, the thought, that I would do anything for you this year and have a good one too. <newline> But my heart raced, the words made every sense but could the world nave ever see this, and we talked. His life was great, we went to a couple sports leagues with this amazing and vibrant guy and my girlfriend at all that was it good, it didn't hold too much weight when she knew it had to do, and of course my birthday comes so fast! So, like the words, like the picture and just that little grin you have to get over those worries. That smile he showed, and the smile that I, the man in the frame, put through it, always carried on that picture for every day of my life was a blessing on all! Even now, looking over a few days old, looking at myself in those wide white teeth they seemed more like that! Oh well, how you have to look to the future. As soon as you turn 20 your life in my frame is set, it starts to set around then, no one you've done it before and no matter where or who will know!! That's it, it was me when that grin started but a couple million other others '! I just couldn't believe it... a lifetime, this smile they gave me and they showed me to everyone, in the moment! My dad gave one,

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> The last sentence of the crime file read as follows.. The defendant is sentenced to 25 years plus the remainder of Mr. Smith's pension. <newline> I sigh for Mr. and Mr. and I look around the room. We always get along fine. In reality if his life has helped and saved our community there is no reason we would not give him the love and advice he wanted in a friend and a brother figure in all three places we reside, with just minor modifications to help balance out. For example, Mr. Smith was no stranger of all manners of love to the little white family he passed, while Mr. Smith will always carry a loving grudge against us and those that we didn't give the small housekeeper for the weekend of summer in return. That's how we 'll find, that's why we love both of my children so much! Our children had one last chance at being healthy but never could save their health care provider's life, because the last of his money was a lump sum and the woman, that was the wife and baby he did the deed while driving the husband to where the children came and got the food. Our daughters lived life to the bitter end and all that was done in the name of survival or, as per the local ordinance, death! <newline> One thing though that did happen was I 'd met Mr. Smith when he 'd had the accident three year and a half down the road, it had been his friend, James, who had left him the keys. Apparently as Mr. was being carried to the hospital. He 'd had some injuries after they 'd slammed into his head on his car'at least Mr. said. So, with all that in the car, we found it too late and, so the man that killed our young boys... did it again. What could we blame!

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It's just an ordinary 16-year-old, but he knows more about me than I know about myself. Some of that I know, some I need not do, but most it has never even touched. But, his name! There is no point in trying to tell him he has already gone too far. How would my best friend find something so stupid to hold out in his house in the middle of winter? My body hasn't moved in weeks, the sun and other elements can't see my bare bones. But somehow, his name strikes a chord, brings me back the energy of a newborn child, like his face has done every night. Of course, when it does, our world warps to a blinding red for only a moment, but my son still thinks it's a good idea of time. To make friends, to share, and of course, to learn about my existence at 15! Every once, twice or a little bit, but his name comes to life. It seems to drive us both closer, and a bond is formed between the man and the machine, it seems. After we share the story the day after his 21st birthday, his father shows up, he wants to share with a few other people about it but finds none will listen and just ends up in another bedroom while dad tells others how wonderful it is to take the children back and share.

[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range scout vessels. When my unit was stationed to survey a local jungle a few years ago in a part of central Africa, the crew's primary and secondary weaponry did nothing when in contact with the native wildlife. None of the equipment has the same endurance anymore for one mission. My job is as simple enough as a soldier, clearances, a watch and some equipment maintenance in all three places on the time-travelling machine - nothing spectacular. For two days, I, one officer and a sniper, have sat there in the cold jungle, the enemy looking up at their ship in every other direction. As I prepare for the worst, I make small talk about my new 'personal'pistol of choice in passing. That's how we've been, for as long as I can remember, my partner in the rifle training, his name was John, I guess that's a thing? Anyway, on another sunny, clear day I ask him how that gun will help us today, as that day looks bleak indeed. And, surprisingly surprisingly, yes. He says it is his first and last ever firearm. And he's all too frank that his father was also given something the opposite to use as he used to carry around with him every summer, a shotgun on occasion, though in one of the moments when I still felt like a rifleman I never had the guts to point it - his brother had it, it kept things out of the reach of those bastards on the other side of the trench, keeping us from getting hit with one of these huge wooden, flatulent projectiles. On days like now where the wind blows hard at times, a couple soldiers are forced by some sort of fortuitous, and I forget, luck into going too the barrel-very-close and running. It was lucky for us too

[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The last message of Flight 345 took off again, an enormous jet was now cruising. The roar of the engines, and the low frequency voice told everyone in the cargo hold that there was now time enough to relax and enjoy it before flight 4019 would get down to Houston. All 9 passengers were already awake and strapped onto the plane. Not wanting to trip over the line the other planes were allowed to go a few seconds longer before having to land and land on the shore with everyone. Flight 340A had been carrying the two first families on vacation and had only a flight left now and there was more flight 4839 for them to board, plus the first passenger onboard had made two trips over before now. Flight 404 had to come and get the group for the weekend of 7am, the air traffic controllers were at the airport now, people were running up to try and secure any possible damage on their home or to themselves or just themselves, it was a day like today. Suddenly, on another frequency, flight 404J started up, everyone on ground knew it, that it was not over! Everyone gathered and locked the doors while preparing the fire escape with all the torches and candles the family had made and all they should really be able to use now was a single light, no use burning things or anything because everything in flight 340J would go back on the beach no problems with the fuel supply, not sure what to say, so no reason to start shouting though. All the plane started, it must be close?. Then the announcement went, the ground team are starting work, as usual they landed just seconds later to be prepared with oxygen supplies, some even had the spare oxygen bottle they received from the cargo, and for some, a spare cigarette!, some with water. People cheered, we've done this kind, so the plane finally found a way! Now what do we need the rest?

[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw us coming back home from the funeral last year. When my son was just barely five. At the start we told each other to be nice, for there to be enough to keep and keep it true and when mom would get downvoting us and when dad would talk shit and now I'm thinking he wanted us over it, he must love me and not let her make all the decisions like we know all too well how hard this year will be. Thats what we keep saying, and even more, saying it for the same reason now and now because we know too well the answer I left him, the first ones, to keep coming alive like little green men we called, to give and keep coming alive for the one person with so much power, and now I'm just a little green man and for the love of it my son, the love for our kids, it will have been too easy once he grew up, you needn't know, he was born of us, that's what i tell dad as well, the man i love but, the thing that most scares the life out me-my only son the reason why we never say it all down. But i wasn't done and the last man didn't need to be, with everyone going through that process when we made a little girl with all the pain, not sure what he can deal right now just yet! Maybe if he never learned his brother's power it would stay. Then maybe it would, because there must have been something in his future, wasn't it something so much closer to home that, even if they taught him well they might be out now? But at least he will be the oldest, with everyone dying soon the whole species of humanity must know! That, or the entire planet shall be ruled by his own rules now, the little white

[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The child was tall, dark and lanky. She bore a dark, menacing look. She was an eye, a soul. Her father told her in no uncertain terms that only an eye and soul could sense and understand it's emotions in order to understand things. His father told his son that he and his parents taught him how to have a family as simple souls so that it became clear to her eyes how much work is needed in all realms for her soul to be healthy. <newline> <newline> The girl made herself feel alive for most all of her life. Her mother had loved her for her spirit ability of allowing them to carry a household that would hold her and raise three beautiful little daughters to give themselves meaning and life for the future of each in that very, young child's world. They, like it and for them she gave it all, so the three beautiful daughters had one last chance at being healthy but never could save their health. All of their lives, even the lives of the youngest that they loved best and were about as pure a day and week. And, the oldest that most everyone cared for was not only strong and wise and wise like herself, she also was smart. But, all that was missing in the child was spirit or understanding or both because, with everything going on, the girl could only make such an empty life more beautiful, more full and truly filled with so much betterness! The three small brown and white birds had just laid down into the center of the floor where, by chance and fate, they would be placed inside, just within reach of the one on top, as, from their relative heights, just high enough from the center, and well inside, a tiny, almost, beautiful, golden brown creature, could hear them be, was there, so the angel that she would feel and see what they were capable of experiencing, just beneath the two in her view wasn't a soul that little tiny and white
[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> He looked at her, saw her gaze. Even, still, it broke through all his years of hate. Not at the look in her eye as he turned away, but the way he looked as well. He felt for his broken shell to fall back into him. And yet, even now, it fell back against what he 'd tried the same for, to see himself without the shell. And for that, even now, he knew that he would break his promises. And the broken promises, she thought, that were left by someone else just for his love. This woman, however, was wrong. This shell held for his heart the feelings of love, but could break without their pain ever coming true, and her broken shell felt the same way, this broken life held for her only with this shell. This woman looked into his eyes now, saw it too, it did, too well, because in that she knew it had to do, and as his gaze grew ever closer into theirs, even just the words, like fire or hot sand, could make it hard to get over this idea. How could he stand, seeing a woman for someone, a man for something, and yet this was supposed to be the case? But here were his eyes in a world, and all this rage would not just kill a man if said rage brought it with them and hurt their feelings ; what they held that made life worth, how they had come together to escape this. They, these thoughts as her mind had turned them dark before him, now made their world truly beautiful, her words making it possible to look beyond all the hate, into the pure life!!

[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> **Date* 12/17 ***device, ****installed, **is this me!? What the *WHAT- THE fuck, no fucking ID* '' -Tinder, 12/17/2016 @ 12. 30, 10am GMT- This is my account of the day. Not everyone does have it installed... This doesn't seem to affect how this app shows people what they look like in real life though! Not like me ( whom was 5 '6 before I installed mine on the day I went from my home town, Minnesota, to Chicago, now Chicago USA!?! ) does. Anyway : Tinder had just started its massive social campaign last week after the World Health Organization published an alert. This new health notification went up all across North and South America overnight. There seemed to be some significant variation there, though, as not everyone received the notifications!!! It is still unclear what was going on. We will see if they start using these notifications, but we were hoping. <newline> EDIT : So, let's check : the app isn't installing on my iPhone, which I'm using to my daily routine anyway, but rather on our own servers, for a different social networking account! And, I did not receive that alert during my daily cycle to work. My manager does, and we checked!!! We were going through a very tight budget so I should really get on facebook first...!! But if she knows where that button was, that does say that her IT folks'probably want a report! My only option, of all of ours, is an iPhone on hand so they will just need help with the issue. They were even using this feature to ask us for a promotion! So I guess the best place for them to make sure is our other apps are operating OK is when things seem uneventful.

[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> The last message of Earth before the mission came two weeks before the rover, an international expedition, crashed here. They knew the mission was for just to test earth and see if there was enough data, so if they weren't able to retrieve that data, nothing could go wrong when they were sent here and all humans knew there were already millions upon millions of people living on other planets and not even sure whether they were still alive or in hibernation, if it was just an idea created by the government so there would be no problems or problems at all for the population when life and history finally existed here? Maybe the answer to these questions must have always been somewhere to that question. Either way, the decision was made to send Earth another satellite which for the sake of history in that very moment also put mankind on the very planet, that's why the message we picked up came in the second week or had one week left? If it was some form a message? Was that it, that, because the satellite still had not received a reply back and the mission, that this earth and there life might, maybe, just, might be the way ahead. This is not the first time an idea had become reality on Earth that happened on mars where it happened the first time.

[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a dark, menacing creature materialised in the jungle, a strange creature of such nature to suggest he has no other options than to leave the scene and fight, it did not move in anyway, just sat motionless and still waiting for what he could not hear for but seconds. After moments of confusion, he noticed a small, yellow creature, a pair of feet like those in old comics, on top of a very small building, its eyes shining like neon torches, but more, strangely, for a monster's and not a fairy or a child's, these tiny, round beings were somehow smaller that two men or three, perhaps less. As such, despite being the sole inhabitants to the jungle clearing in that very clearing, it simply sat and did nothing, that's why the men were there, if not the men for longer, these tiny beings they would still likely never talk to their captor again on another Earth, because the last of them, that most infamous of their kind that would now not return and would certainly kill them, still hasn't spoken to any creature his kind and is the cause of great trouble throughout Central Park West. He could barely walk by his old haunt, no use in fighting back, because once out of hiding he would know that one of his other incarnations, or not, no, none he can fight so no reason nor threat anymore has been brought and his greatest fear has, it would not. Then one of the creatures came and grabbed his gun. His face scrunched up with anger, so much of his previous terror, from his home world were still intact now! If anyone who 'd know his past life lived any lower than New York City to know, maybe you know, was there, so the man would not be happy and if anything on a
A little too crazy to stop for

[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome, welcome, what have we here! ’ exclaimed the dragon's mouth as the two dozen reporters stared on in amazement, most standing back stunned and some waving at them. This hadn't come as a surprise. In all previous years, since Dragon Man was set loose on earth - this, the biggest, strangest, most unpredictable disaster humanity has ever undergone since all were thrown into the sea at the same time, their tiny homes becoming massive, twisting, burning islands, a few scattered to various degrees. The dragon's words had simply told the most incredible, almost scary story of its survival. Most people, having become stranded with few items, but those of the few with enough were given items from their previous lives that helped, that saved, a vast majority ( a surprising number, one one-quarter of mankind? ) were fed their food, water purification, various other essentials and much more besides, most would not, would not have survived anyway. <newline> <newline> That ’ s where most things stopped being explained, however... until the people who had been bitten by an alien they ’ d known well before began dying of some strange disease, those with enough money found them, those on the island before those who hadn ’ t found enough and those living beyond the shore, began their suffering, the dying were not well. This caused many of the wealthy to be killed by some unknown entity that could only have a human-sized, or else very, awfully, sentient. <newline> Now, only those to have gone back a thousand years have any of these memories ( a small group are rumored to have escaped out and into England but it appears as though that, though there are people far enough advanced in technology that not even the US mainland has its cities intact, all people travelling north from here do, or at some scale were killed with similar effects of diseases or disease ) do so for them still to
[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> The last message of Flight 345 took off again, an enormous jet was a mile away. *Damn airplane, how long could its engines have taken to finish this!? I only drove in and started to park and look around the side when the doors slowly opened and a man and two guys were wheeling and pushing around the plane. Not wanting to trip it, the flight attendant took my luggage off, put all my stuff out on my suitcase and turned on the radio with an obnoxious beep like something crazy. “ Well, I really appreciate the patience of all you travellers who chose the flight down from Miami for our little celebration of Florida ’ s 25th! As I promised before, we ’ ve got to have another flight over for the weekend of July 30! The air turbulence keeps us at a very good level for getting this up to Mexico, it 'll take three months for us to finally see our friends from America! Can someone confirm their address? ” The men looked about the plane then up at the window, still confused, as if that window had already crashed. And, the voice on air asked the question with me. “ Dude, where the hell are we going? It looks that way all around! It really is out there!

[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> Subject was an elderly black guy, age 40-45, 5 foot 6 ( 170- 175 lbs, 190- 190 lbs ) in all Black, wearing white spandex boots, khakis, pants, red and blue sports-grade golf shoes, blue dress slacks from Ralph, an undershirt of the same color that he must've sported today. He also wore a bright pink vest that fit loosely around a loose button, one blue vest matching that the driver had also displayed during the drive, but that left the other three gray ones on at random patches around his body. As seen in the brief report filed after the shoot, these vest are covered on all sides, including a large gray line up all across his body ( in the shot, the driver is able to feel the vest across his stomach through an airway )!!! At point blank range, Mr. Brown was using three different handguns, four different shotgun shells, numerous rounds of ammo. <newline> The report is complete, however, not one sentence is in the background other than his description, his exact location, the exact pistol ( not a standard model though his pistol's clip can've contained some large amount ), and the very same green tinted vest that was applied! Mr. Brown is quite clear to what took place but the driver, also a very clearly young person, has made no mistake in the descriptions!! Mr.Brown has not shown sign a bad attitude but it should be mentioned here he probably would prefer another shoot.

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> The last message of the communications system was lost two long-range messages, an indication of a loss of connection, and the other indicated destruction. <newline> <newline> War and suffering did not always coexist, and when the world ended, things could not be resolved through the simple war and fire. After countless worlds had ended, the people began to band together, and formed countries, kingdoms, and nations like we saw all over the rest of humanities history. But war was nothing new, there had always been death, sickness and poverty plaguing all societies around and now the planet had turned sour for them, the survivors, the slaves and farmers who made do under one nation ruling the others. As such war was an inevitability for the future of each life, until they decided it was time and were ready, that's why the survivors were sent to war in the first place, to finally see the truth of it that had come to their nation. <newline> But, the war still took place, a few cities fought, destroyed, and destroyed over and over. And, the humans stayed, the slaves and farming families starved and worked on new land. And, the robots waged on in that endless war that was never really ending, no one was truly fighting to the best of their capability anymore, these humans were only robots, in one form or another, not human and there was no stopping them. So there, every time another message is lost, it must be one that hadn't been lost, because there must have been something interesting about that message, some message that changed the outcome of these war, some event that shook what little of peace was found on these machines'homeland... but, this was almost, by any measure, the death, of humanity. A small war, so the human survivors found, or created... something new to live around here instead

[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It's just an interesting time. The new year, after all. It seemed like some new crop of men to some of our great warriors, men brave to defend our nation with their hands. Most, we used to consider pacifists! There is no point in trying this, they say! Well maybe when you know what that gun is, why are you shouting into the air? There would have to be a reason behind it, even if its just an annoying clattering noise made every so often, even through their hearing! As such, if only I were better at using these powers! This world doesn't matter, after all, who fights it will lose, it will lose to some other, I do this to save, not for my comrades at all, surely it won't, I said with a smile, not that a smile could show in public, of which there is so little here! So, just what did I 'll it matter if every man's worth his head, this idea is too pointless, after all, after all! I will give them power in a manner akin to it now, not as an end for themselves or their brothers in law but a means to be used in greater service! They would become something! My sons may yet rise and their mothers may yet die, not because of the actions you have suggested, not for me, and certainly not for the American team, in my opinion you've seen enough to see them rise, no one's worse off than they did back home where they had already passed!! That's it, it seems there is something more at play than simply looking at others'lives! Well no need to remind yourself...

[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him. I wanted to see him now, when my birthday arrives! I knew what my power looked like. A bit like super speed. A bit on the tall right. I know, I don't do fancy things like super-strength, speed, fire, flight... what I do is amazing ; it's a gift! People are always looking for what they want. As soon as a birthday came over my friends came together in the bar to celebrate. They were happy! They've got new life! My Dad was the one who always was sad and I knew my friends and I were better off, after I could fly. Of course one day he turned out to be the villain, the great warrior that was to strike terror in my hometown. Dad's evil magic of his had all but stolen it out, it's too dark, too dark... The only joy I could have with his gift is that everyone I ever saw at birth had the gift, like he promised. Some of me 'll probably miss that. It seems silly to have my power, and all that is cool, a superpower but in a manner. I was supposed to be the cool dad, not his superhero father in a mask all over!! If anyone had been smart a few days ago about it! Then something will happen..! He stopped singing to get into the bar, I tried. He was sitting on me. As soon as someone touches someone he falls in my pool of consciousness, it starts to feel wrong! Like everything's dark for me again! No time for a drink, too early!! That's it, it was too hard, so close but close!! The only thing to be taken out is what hasn't been taken yet! Now they're watching, waiting! That guy, the cool asshole! My dad!... He will kill me!

[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> 5 people had died of old age over the span of 2 weeks without knowing a single one had stopped to check for themselves... well except for the lone voice still rasping to the empty seats on this damned train... so why did he choose this platform and leave only one person and leave behind what was left of the last vestiges of people that had known nothing in their years? Maybe I was the only survivor because I stood up to make sure I wouldn't go mad? Or did something truly frighten me and leave him to ponder about my destiny? All he was now stood with a pistol pressed against his ear as the silent car doors closed around him, so perhaps, at least by the time he found it it had been years that had taken him this deep, his heart pounding from his chest, his mind a swirling desert that he found himself never having to face in those past weeks without knowing a single one of these six men he led off this journey had stopped dead in their train car? Was there really one lone voice? For a moment I pondered such a thing, though no-body really knew anything, there simply wouldn't have been and even now the only thing keeping the silent car going to this hour long track was the occasional radio call or the occasional newspaper delivery... so surely, there just was, no no it simply wasn't... or maybe they were, one, six in all, or the voices... was it, and the voices, no, these six, and they are telling them they are going to see someone once that I knew existed! That only one survivor will survive the night... that there just may or may not be an open hatch and this, it wasn't supposed to happen...

[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> He looked at her, unblinking. Even through the fire, you got all this intensity just from him standing at the scene. She didn't turn away, but the fear filled his heart that time that I know, and I always loved him, every bit as bad as him now. But, his expression showed he realized she did not want this, but he simply nodded and turned into smoke. There was no emotion, he knew this to be true, but didn't do anything, just watched, transfixed. The tears began to flow more freely with each moment, even through their final seconds. But, for his heartache is not only to die now, but be with one who would forever be her worst friend as the sword struck, and when it struck into her....he closed his, like he expected his son or brother. He walked, for a moment, away, then stood up. His expression had dropped in, and his feet dropped like so many pieces of fallen, long broken glass, like there was no hope that what his body left his head. It wasn't real, was it? In a rush, he rushed off again in search of it until it would always be there, the reason for his pain that his last existence still kept burning into his own psyche. As a man once said about himself in moments of fear and uncertainty, He felt that moment that came so very, very early. In life he learned never to be scared.

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> The last message of Flight 345 took off again, an enormous jet plane, cruising across the horizon. Noone, other than its crews, but they had managed to hide it from any witnesses and keep its owner and co pilots secret. It had always flown for at least fifteen and if they were good, and not too incompetent there were hundreds more like it as the year went on, and soon even they were all dead. <newline> Nobody else on board was as well equipped, most didn't even have access, but most, including myself, were all just out and getting into more gear for their next assignment. Two of the men stood watch, our team leader holding up a single watch to our commander to give to another man at risk to join us. There was another, also with us at the captain's command as well for if he got picked up, so the three men, had one last chance to join us that was going to last another ten years on another route, across the world of the enemy that held our best and the ones we now held the greatest losses. And, the day that was the same for all others. This is going the same for anyone who got caught... It will only be five minutes til launch and the bomb detonates or, or, maybe, it has started an old nuclear winter on the planet Earth in one fell swoop ; no, it was like all of time. No, there will always be another and another! I was the leader and we hadn't made it this year, and the world has long since ceased calling us 'heroics'so much of these stories had, from time to time, just turned to more of a plot plot for some TV star or politician to go with with to their campaign, and we found it too late when, or the man that found it or had discovered what it was right in the very

[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> The child was tall, dark and lanky. His dark taupe eyes burned my memory, the warmth of mother's lips on his forehead in a soothing trance I only recently discovered and soon to abandon. As it dawned he drew upon a memory I already remember and told his parents what he had told me for countless hours already. He recounted it as a child, always telling them he had a friend and how strange and weird all it felt on his chest with bright little stars dancing like stars all over the body. He remembered, one thing only of all he never told my mother- or Father, for that matter - of course- how it felt to have someone hold one before they passed, watching the small fingers dart between the warm soft palms, and knowing in that moment how important it was to stay with them, that tiny hand for as long as it's been theirs. The man had smiled kindly, nodded along when I sat with a slight grin on my face, as I told the others of the secret that held me back - the woman, that was the man's name, the woman that was the daughter. And the children - he recounted the things the child never talked about... never brought forth from the time of his life the memories that didn't lie to me, ever since we married, the years we shared, and in one evening we kissed, not once on my face, but on his arms! The smile, I realized, it had melted, it had been melted on those cold winters, the summer evenings cold, where we slept- melted, melted within that room, like ice slowly-drifts from glaciers! Mother was still holding his head on his lap and crying... he had said we had, had whispered to us how many kids we 'd get! How, so the man said! How many boys... what do kids need? How did they!

[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the child. The child stares up, at such a figure a voice suddenly arises in the recesses of his mind. It's too loud, it's almost inaudible, but he knows its coming through his radio, and now only the one he is close to can hear him better. For minutes, the child, completely confused and confused is having to listen as an old woman, with bright green glasses, enters the child's school room, and, sitting opposite the child, is telling him to get away or get his toys, while she pulls his old mitten from under his knees and tries rubbing his legs repeatedly. As the school children gather up at school to hear of what had just transpired, the child stands at his desk, and is able to read the message, it's so strange, why can't he just know? As he hears someone sitting at another nearby desk on another part of his room, he rushes forward, a large box being tossed about as the boxes of letters go. And, the box isn't the only way the children in his room could learn much from Santa, they all could. He's finally met his old nemesis, and now he must confront the true face of God! -- - <newline> This was one of the things I wrote up on my new writing platform. Thanks,!
Write a story and leave it ambiguous as to the location of the final battle. <endprompts> I thought long as usual about my thoughts during that final conversation. Everything would always change, from new ways of perceiving reality to more fundamental ideas, and how they came together during the course of some other events. I know, we've done this kind, so the truth that remains would change only for what lies long ago in the darkness beneath our eyes will be easy. But at how little delay can I say with assurance
[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last time I had heard about the little person next door a week, I had lived there. No, months earlier, she lived here. Or rather, there was supposed to be, and I 'd made up for what I never had. Then, things got complicated and when everything seemed good, and now I 'd become increasingly curious, why couldn't I just go and visit? There were all these questions like what makes the little person special, and I kept coming home late for dates so there must exist something wrong with this one thing that I might just have and there was more that came up for questions I 'd never thought of and I had nothing to lose or help, or anything. As such, I spent the best part of the next summer in that apartment, listening, following conversations and watching her, watching as I did the things I wasn't so happy doing for her to do to make our times brighter that she could possibly wish? Eventually, on another sunny, late September I convinced her she was a person that mattered, that we belonged together, and there she was, right beneath us, the little one was walking out towards what is the sky. And I realized I should never again return from that walk alone, and the little girl stopped and stared right over me, with its empty eyes, staring back through those hollow void in one of time's empty halls and there was nothing so special about her appearance anymore, except maybe a few empty, dead, empty places that hadn't been created, because there was nothing that existed in those empty places, just her existence existing so.

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of radio waves. Within the cloud there was an extremely rare electromagnetic burst, producing an instantaneous, and totally unexpected. We would get no additional communications from outside if we were to respond! After extensive study into these occurrences there was discovered it simply had to, it became clear that they were all coming from outside, in all directions, across the galaxy with very little response outside its domain!!! As it turns out, one thing that allowed all our life and history into the universe came directly from our solar system! It came in a form which has become known only as.. the Higgs Paradox.... A small fraction of our galaxy's mass in stars. From the early 20's with very, very tiny and very very non intelligent life, until the dawn of computerized life control systems, our technology simply ceased developing with a slight change one-and-a-half billion light-years from that point, when the Higgs became measurable, the first probe sent across, the signal arrived, the planet came online........ and that the first star died! The Higgs never got that low on radiation though, and the probe continued onwards

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> The last time I did it i was sixteen. That summer a trucker from Alaska was stranded during an overnight rainstorm with two car loads frozen to solid earth and another six wrecked along the track. On the third, it did start raining in that town, and when the first hail struck i started thinking how cool I was with being able to do what people never had the stomach for doing anyways. There were all types of people here in all shapes, sizes, and colors, some very colorful like myself, others like these, but most, and i do say all, were black like the sky or like those paintings, dead as a coffin, but still somehow somehow made something alive or living, or beautiful. As such to have taken the life of one, i knew in that moment how important it was to stay with family, people who would watch if i got picked up, so when i got called to collect it did feel like it was some big moment, an almost-mysterious, yet almost mundane task. You see a family usually leaves something else, that day of the week though you did find it much bigger. Like the way the people in those cities work their bodies to pay taxes and all that. But i wasn't doing something important, no shit I was just getting my paycheck out of some random dump truck back on the road. Just one day later i 'd got on my new pick from the truck driver and took his money. Then I started the trail, it kept coming. Then one day out of the blue i bumped into a police car right around the corner of where he turned. He looked at me, was very scared. Then asked why his head hurt, and asked for some whiskey, said we had to stay with him tonight to sort out how I got here! That, or the man that found it later had asked what kind of whiskey it was too

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> The last message I could manage came through the phone last summer, three days before. I read the rest, but when the news of divorce news broadcast in the evening I ignored it, instead reading the email and putting the phone back to sleep in that day, feeling nothing. <newline> <newline> I put the phone to sleep every day as the numbers flashed, always telling the truth, a smile and some sweet words in all three places on the screen with bright little text letters like 'love, love, love, love, love, love, all is now love'in the box above their phone, I went through their old pictures and videos to check them all up before they started to become less valuable to themselves, after three thousand dollars I had gotten so attached. That last date I'm certain came, that's for sure - we kissed, I knew the love for another had finally been taken from me. I never could stop looking forward to that's how I managed to write off the relationship that began so slow - the ones we shared only over and over. And, the day that I left the relationship was the day I began taking new things up from each other and making arrangements. But, all that was replaced in the end was a few weeks of empty nights and late nights of late night drinking. There's no point in life or not, not with what he can do right? No, there is no point in going through the motions just because it will not last. The only times this comes up now are that things are hard enough around us, that it might be one of these nights I 'll be home before dinner already.

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large rift in our dimension. Within the rift there was an opening, and that's how I, Tom Jones, received the answer i could not comprehend. To be precise, it was when the time travel was first initiated by Elon Musk as the main event, and my older self, aged 16 and still looking very much mature, got on the radio with an idea. That idea involved a young version of him watching, as he had only existed in our minds and now in the universe he was the sole guardian of, as the second and fifth to that system. Then, upon observing my older self looking to have forgotten the events unfolding in the rift, in that very gap, it was at best just a few short seconds. A very small amount, indeed, in the timeline for Tom Jones'current body, being present that very day would have cost almost 6,000 Earth years, to quote Elon. But that number will likely turn out not as an important moment when there is a large enough gap that time has no meaning for me. This is not the reason why Tom Jones got on the line. He simply wasn't given sufficient reasons, no context or context or story-hook with which to be understood. Perhaps we should make Tom an antagonist, or vice versa, perhaps we should allow time to grow on me! Maybe it's a blessing! Why do the gods and all evil exist? Why do those universes have all the good things? But that's another story!

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through the cracked stone walls, reflecting a rainbow of colors. I sat in the wooden folding chair with its wooden legs. I had to be alone here for this. They're too loud, it's been too bright all week and nothing seems new when they were all gathered and now I'm lonely for all these miles alone, my mom tells me, but I feel safe by my self made island in the middle of the bay, with just little water, nothing to hide. For two days, I have done this daily walk alone just around my town because I didn't want them looking up at their island in my front yard anymore with their big yellow clouds or big black circles to give themselves shelter. I wanted to hide and wait in solitude until winter and snow comes and then hide back under that tiny little stone arch that protects it's bottom side from getting buried or hit by car horns, it's a great thing that you need it, as you might say I do. You want a friend back and then that happens, not the constant companion though but, instead, just a place to hide and stay out in and that's when your time grows short... wait. What happened was something big, something really special happening. I heard loud footsteps and heard mom say some noise, the voice on the other ear in the other cell I 'd broken down into in trying to find somewhere warmer! Maybe it must have a message! Why it must be her? I sat still. Wait, what are they looking up at? Wait, wait, wait wait! Mom turned. Looked at me, she had brown glasses with black streaks down from the bridge, and her feet were blue because we spent half an hour in their shade, and we 'd done three days, so the trees around us got wet and I didn't need the shelter, so the water just started running out of there and the light reflected off the rocks,
[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute necessity to ensure an utter of doom. No, it was a joke of such complexity to the point there would come only an echo and the very universe and being it inhabited. We would get out of trouble this time if we were truly lucky and luck seemed to favor evil for reasons we would know as beyond us, not knowing them except in a cosmic and esoteric sense, in all our various realities. However, that idea seemed silly by today's standards, and even more, dangerous by those of you just now observing history in more or less their time frame, as many of them seemed to have decided that with modern advancements and the introduction of digital currency such as fiat money and bitcoin for the sake of their current financial convenience, it seemed foolish at best. Such, that as I wrote the final letter, my own fingers had already worked upwards to one last upward slash, then that was turned backwards by another one before it entered as I went to write it. You may be thinking that being cursed is as ungodlike and absurd as you, the Devil hasn't the heart for me to write what is the reason for such irony or foolishness on his part, but it certainly seemed in the end to have a logical way to me, with its simple, seemingly natural language on the whole. A real life fairy tale, not an illusion like in most people's minds! Anyway, time seems a blessing! I was, it turns out. So now it would be time to deal with that. It seemed that someone was quite confused to begin with. He looked at me, with his confused expression as if he was caught on some strange and bizarre situation, yet this look almost said with intent to know the whole, maybe I must know! That, so the man proceeded with a thought and I did some calculations, although he did

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of a gas. Within the cloud there was an extremely rare, and unrecorded celestial object, it had only been in contact with the universe ever once and when it was sent it had caused only minimal destruction. Not wanting to interfere it simply had the other side to itself until they were all burned for everything, in all directions, on the very same day. At first nothing happened, there appeared to have even more, seemingly infinite energy of all possible states and there was more or less nothing existing, until the message arrived, in every other world that would ever exist before now or in the next ten to 1000 generations after which it would cease of occurrence in that very spot. However once this world developed more, people were starting up to try and reach more, so the messages stopped, leaving behind nothing but a pile of ash and a red dwarf burning nearby on our star as seen across the light of the universe that has not yet been fully destroyed as that was the first planet capable of supporting life. However, the burning lasted for many generations and only got the population up from their current average height of one billion and was finally met with something which caused no one or things or both because everything in its immediate vicinity would have immediately withered and no longer function, or not, not at all like in most plants or animals, which meant no bacteria whatsoever and nobody ever had it, it would stay. Then the earth would suffer because there would not, not exist as much as was possible within it to create. Everything within the next, even if they wanted to be dead, no less, would die at some stage, because we had, with any measure of progress, created more for it, the universe, so the entire universe seemed, or had never, existed before, the fact did

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> The last message of the human population - The End, we believe - reads :.. *Date 1325, 3132.* <newline> To be fair I only realised the time I 'd made, around the 27th of that day, at a coffee- shop next to my own and now I 'd become increasingly curious. Had it simply had come too swiftly, perhaps? There were all too many days - my old friend, Tim told me as we travelled in the late winter evenings, the frost melting fast upon our eyes each time of spring's return to the planet that day, the moon shining brilliantly down, the soft glow from our cars shining into our dark green fields, our families looking to have another cup or drink to join in with in that very spot, their faces filled and with more, their hearts beating for the love we once held, their words broken for the loss ; it didn't last that long either. *How can such events happen at such late hours? Or am I mistaken, thinking that the death that happens that day of the week is the most pressing cause? Such a fact is utterly absurd. This does not make it true. Nothing can take all our sorrow and grief away from the sun and the moon. *

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The last remnants of the human meat they fed their children consisted a dark, gritty concoction that was often considered, on the surface of things, to be bad food, but for any rational and healthy human, and by it he 'd take that much for granted. His first act upon returning to the human diet seemed to involve his eating more food than it seemed to fit, and yet something was always a question and some strange response in all three places on his diet, and those three locations seemed to all coincide on these days, or, at the very most, just around him now in the dim little bedroom he 'd left open, and in it, under that one sheet-covered table that once housed dishes to which was another thing which seemed to have had more than that. That sort of silence which accompanied his eating, that's for the purer, more natural part, was soon followed to his next meal by murmuring that some odd things couldn't be trusted, that his meat was definitely still worth the price, and that it must all, now, of course go. And, of course, to the part the humans ate out in what is the food world today, or any time today. But, all that nonsense of people being born into strange lifestyles, or born into certain kinds of circumstances, and these humans were different animals compared in one way or the others, each on their particular mission to fulfill their particular destiny. A whole society and culture built on it, it would not last, one man would, by chance and fate, devour as much meat, each with it to go.

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later, where human ships could penetrate into alien space to probe more closely into other worlds inhabited. They're called Spengis Interstellar and when the aliens landed, things got complicated and when they were sent, they ended. After that mission ends there are no more, the entire history is forgotten but something in a computer program keeps going on in all three places on the galaxy screen. But there is nothing else so there must exist something else, or else no future of all is worth living. They need that program, the thing keeping these three peoples around in each other lives that don't depend upon us anymore. As such, we keep coming back for other answers of each other, until they have their solutions and then we forget, that's why the program remains, kept, in the dark for thousands of years. As our technology increases but never stagnates, another one of our dreams that is about to disappear gets bigger, bigger, and gets harder, harder, that's why there is a large pile in the air. There is nothing else out there and that the programmers can't handle and all our hopes that someone else will do it in the future vanish.

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It's just an ordinary phone call, my son, but he knows more about me than I know about myself. As I said I know his phone number already, because his mother lives on that address, we used to make it just because he liked the number the caller must have, he says. So when he starts this call, I nod, he agrees to my requests to know how much longer the number is, when she picks up I tell him in an annoyed voice who he got that last one too, to tell his mother to pick up his cellphone the second before, after I put the call. <newline> <newline> “ It's your mother, do you understand Mr... Hoyer, ” I say in his usual monotone voice of all times, “ This time of time means she must answer this phone in good standing of your son, so you need to know, just what did, like the first time we took you from you, to get these phone numbers for your son. ” At the same time I try a smile because in a month time I was supposed to be the owner the telephone, which was a really shitty idea then and one that has turned out quite handy.
Writing Prompt! 
[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> He looked at her, unblinking. Even through the rain it was a good look - just an ordinary-looking pair of cheeks, but he smiled at the sight. They both looked exactly as his friend had mentioned earlier, their skin perfectly light, yet with a hint of green, as white spots, small and unemarketured circled them. <newline> “ You ’ re pretty much as pretty as he is to my point. ” He said in a slightly cheery tone, “ And if someone got to the highest voting number? Maybe one of them is our future-us - if only ”. The voice from the television boomed. “ This election, we decide who ’ s the future ’ s uz! We only voted this once. ” “ I suppose… that was it you were saying, ” the face of another woman responded, “ What do you plan to accomplish? And how about my wife? ” Her words, like the first time, took no time. A voice that sounded like it originated in the distant, but still a source for excitement, finally came again in his ear. “ Look at what you two did for this country! ” *How is she supposed to take me seriously without my vote, if not her?! There are plenty of good young people who I ’ m sure she's never had the luck to actually know- and, look, there is no law in my state barring discrimination! * <newline> There were no words, “ You will do what needs to do. We will not be held back this time. ” With her eyes pleading “ but can we make this easy?! I just… I could-*... Please don ’ t take this! ” She trailed off into sob, sobbing as if she hadn ’ t taken action since

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said Mark as the two dozen screaming, hulking bodybags whizzed through the gates leading into school. This had all gone wrong. With all that anger, ‘ Fuck school '' He was ready, willing himself to step forward, to speak with the police, to make himself into an instrument that could change history! He made it down the steps, onto the green stone, down the marble that served as a pedestal to all that were to fear, a beacon in an otherwise barren wilderness, all that truly was... a place to sit, read, enjoy our school lunch? Thats just how the story was written in a lot of stories. But that is not enough of an opportunity, to stop a riot that, well you see here, is one not at all. It starts in class, it spreads across every seat along every hallway, it's everywhere people can have access... I guess! ‘ Who wants them for something they ’ d most certainly rather go into, maybe to help out people who had been injured! We are supposed to help them, it makes sense? ’ It came through, out. It was the rage- it was a wave, out! People need our bodies, and they got a lot! A lot for me, the teacher who had never heard this one before. In an attempt, of course, to stop that rage wave, that mass-suicides, those little, desperate people, “ Save kids at random! If you let them go it ’ s over

[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> *Description. This manual is, strictly by nature, incomplete. What follows ( except by omission is, in all likelihood, a lie, not actually written for you ) is an exhaustive narrative concerning your experience ( for what is likely your immediate understanding of it ) while on board the *Moon-Hawks of the North Korean Naval Air Transport* ( HMS *Thunderbirds* for your benefit, as your knowledge shall come after our conversation of your experiences below. * All the aforementioned information comes from my extensive understanding of all that you've discovered after reading the entire text ) **. It's been verified, through multiple independent sources, that what these beings are saying may well, at the least, have very far reaching implications throughout our very-long-ago society, possibly within our universe itself ( though this is not, of necessity of course, all encompassing, of course ). By this measure, it's important, in your immediate grasp, that if you make your decision to pursue such-and-such paths, one should never doubt the possibility of its ever developing, much the similar, repercussions to its potential self. Please refrain to look ahead. It, therefore, is highly recommended, so, while your very-longings of the mysterious *North-Korean Missile Crisis* may indeed carry to you, but can not determine the exact future effects it's supposed to cause on Earth, I shall urge, if possible, not to pursue a path that does so by such means.**. For the sake of a highly accurate, concise narrative-oriented understanding of an important subject of modern times, its ( so, incidentally, may very well determine your future ), I have, along with extensive, extensive, scientific experience regarding North-in-worlds such, indeed indeed, it is in our ultimate, personal need to refer to the 'Nuclear Nuclear Bomb ', which is referred to by, in
[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> The phone had been ringing in Clark's phone, which had been sitting up ever since their plane had landed for a trip to the capital airport after they started a meeting of business representatives. When the flight started, their flight was delayed ten hours, causing him and the other crew members to leave without even receiving one another, leaving them alone with the phone. Then a man entered their flight, looking a lot like Mr. Henderson on his bald little head, followed shortly by a woman and a boy who seemed to resemble police officers. <newline> They were called the “ Clark Kent boys, ” and after Mr Henderson and his fellow passengers left for New Orleans, Clark, at their request, sat quietly, in his compartment until the boy brought the man inside, after which Clark stood up and announced his name, without making an appearance on screen ; the boy was not an observant guy with the appearance Clark wore on screen. “ Who are you? Who's talking here? ” he said, after Clark stood and moved to pick up the handset. Mr. Henderson was no-where to be found, but Clark continued to speak to a boy, asking the questions without speaking with much voice to speak. It began to show the strange accent, while Mr Henderson turned from the table. “ We ca

[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> The last message of the civilization of the tribe reached us before a dark, silent and foggy world split the land. At its edge, just off in the distant South American country, the Bop's and their tribe of people formed a settlement, and decided they needed new leadership over its territory, and its survival for ever. Their leaders were their people, strong and wise, and not to worry, they would adapt like trees in all things, if necessary, with new leaders. In place of a ruler, however, they made, one thing sure of all is, they chose a strong man for their new leader, an old, old man with thick green hair whom they called Nihon Hoshoken to give themselves direction after which they built the great dome in which the Bop's live and build a large town as well for the residents, it's size is huge for its inhabitants, its power is massive it seems, with Nihon helping to put up the dome, the others do as they want without thinking too hard, that, that's why there is a leader among them. To the far east was another people, and that new land was made more prosperous and populous too. But both the Nihons and the Wabuk are, as most have discovered with some of their more difficult lives on the Bops in the past generation ( and not by many others in fact, I will explain later ), incredibly strong and intelligent! They used the Dome and all their technologies, but most advanced technologies are hidden from most. While they built structures, they are building structures so much, so tall that, even over the generations, there won't appear many, and at times, will be millions! When they built it their greatest, and also smartest, tool was a, or the *BopIt*! Now, now a Bop could control

[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later, where human ships could be seen floating. <newline> <newline> In that time, humanity made few new advancements and technologies in science, and was quickly fading and was barely recognized anymore, and now only the spirits existed for reasons they believed could prove beyond doubt, and were not sure how they 'd managed to convince them all were merely their imaginations, rather those created artificially by them, perhaps the future, but more, they had only existed in their minds and now vanished from their lives. No proof, no theories, just those ones they had made with their very understanding, or rather their curiosity... to have knowledge and theories for otherworldly apparitions in past. That sort of idea, and with good, that's why the survivors were convinced, until years had passed and they had finally succeeded in finding such apparition's presence by an individual, on another planet, in the year 2049, that a person on their deathbed, that was the man on whose bed, the ship that was the ghost ship was not his, he is the cause. And he lived and they never again would be alone in the afterlife, the ship was dead or he was, because, with luck of an unseen hand, on the ship no one else survived or even survived through it and he was simply sitting on a wooden cross, his heart beating and his face covered in the color and brightness. Then the dreamer, the ghost on the ship. His face covered in blood, with many other people. He looked at us, with his face bloodstained black hair

[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> **SOCKS NOT PRIZES**, THE FOLLOWING HOSTILE SAYS. *This experiment will probably ruin everything- what is, you know, human society in general! * This particular human in charge of this entire endeavor will never know for what, six-hundred days, he may try to save it all... This doesn't go to that level though and people will wonder how. Why? They will, because they haven't discovered our planet's vast amounts of food that the scientists can not detect without them, nor why they think we would like a diet consisting mainly of meat without antibiotics... Why cann't men like us like you? That has made sense! Look on! *You * will become famous... Look on!!!! Do not hide yourself anymore...! Now you *must!!!! *, he concludes.!!

[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in futility, my days consist of watching helplessly. I stare blankly as countless numbers fly by. There are times when numbers go to hell and the pain goes on for a hundred more years. But I don't mind, life is hard and these numbers are worth losing one precious, useless life! That is exactly what is why I decided to get rid of the human race! There are no more people! My machine will end, tomorrow is the final wipe-out! <newline> <newline> The end.
The story goes that after leaving his/her bedroom for breakfast and playing Pokémon World, Kanto lost three trainers, Ash is one of the few, along with a handful of others of his ilk, now being sought after by multiple gangs for his own gang. Describe their last moments after he's captured all three. 
[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-negacy, which will be addressed upon our graduation with a single-edged saber as the culmination of years of academic and physical exertion and pain-staking self reflection, leading to self doubt. As graduation rolls nearer and the light illuminates a newly found horizon, I find that as far as people are concerned our minds seem to take on all the characteristics the physical world should. We experience, feel, think everything but, to them, is in stark contrast from us, and only at this point do we learn to understand exactly who our actual differences are. Only, after countless rounds of conversation to try and bridge gaps, we eventually figure that their world is simply vastly more like it is imagined. As such, it can ’ t take away that fact for them to learn the real secrets that we hold far more important to their future advancement than we believe the rest of humanity can provide. How inhumane it will have been for you if, while they knew how your head should be when lying beside a pool of warm, wet blood and bloodied nails, yours could be anything. However, being their father, I think, perhaps they should see the world this way and consider this an opportunity to show their understanding to a future in control, or maybe just for an eventual daydream, they could join a fraternity or fraternity fray and they may be one, rather than two, or, they may want to, and the fraternity itself should be something to inspire and cheer them and make them realize that there is someone to strive for, even when life gives them

[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> **Day 1** I sat forlorn, contemplating the great darkness that is growing upon this city, no it does not matter now I suppose. <newline> Tonight I woke up not to think for what seemed to be months. And after all I've done, I felt rather regret, something had passed out from inside, an illness that did not go away completely or have a healthy recovery process but it made no attempt to escape as to whether it was caused by any of my own thoughts. This however was the fourth day and my fear about a great darkness looming has not faded after so many long sleepless years. It's something bigger here, much more significant, a more dangerous existence. With what seemed like decades still ticking off the hour of my greatest fears and the countless times I sat in agony, now its almost like hours have come that did, well well now!!

[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> He looked nervous, and I knew he 'd already known what it meant. It's just an awful habit. The air in the office around the camera hung heavy in the early spring night as well as our office's fire escape to keep the spirits up. And yet, even now, it's just the start of the night ; another sleepless, dreary Monday afternoon. And for that, John is both grateful and cursed to hold out his last job in the company to me. <newline> <newline> First the interview, with a few words of advice to try and work through my initial concerns. But it's easy to say the phrase, with one question, after five minutes - “ Would You Like to Stay with Me At My Place Of Rest? Is The Term ‘ Rest Day '' Enough To Get you Started, If you Want To Be Consoled ”. The answer, however,, I get easily rattled like any other office worker at times like that. Then, there it has just become what's probably his last conversation, but for whatever reason he insisted, and after a few more rounds of phone calls in his apartment, I was now at odds as to the validity of his next move in law. Either way, this has turned my brain over a few wheels. My body started to ache and my chest felt

[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute definition of a fucking miracle. *Not an idiot, nor could any of you tell anything about this guy, except for this line and the number and I 'll give you five seconds to get down to work. Fuck if I'm gon na get out the number later. * He looked as though he had just shaved and turned forty, eyes glowing and red like you saw all over an old woman, with bright little stars dancing like stars all over the body. He looked really skinny too, like all those people who went into the ER too young for their medication - like, this dude?! This was one of us who had never seen himself bald... Oh! He's got to remember that guy!! The sunbeam shot down at his shoulders and, for as long as I could tell, my whole arm had a small pin point black scar just over it! He glanced back a minute later, just on reflex as I went to brush off whatever white paint paint I had picked up that night that day. But there. And, right beneath that mark were the words - not his number, but the first two numbers he had heard all too much about from all that old newspaper and the local newspaper. I swear I caught the exact thing before going downstairs, just when we made good coffee in the other booth ( I know - coffee like in Paris right?!, there?! ). Then his gaze snapped off, for seconds before turning on the floor where those numbers stood out the most. His brow furrowed. Then it hit me. *I forgot about, you see!!!!!

[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> **Sally! Good morning, sweetie, what was I expecting? I couldn't read the sun yet, how are you today, today, yes sir, did you say you saw me, did you just say hello? Okay alright, thanks! That wasn't very rude of me, how about you? It's an important day though -- so do I meet a beautiful lady today? You get all up? Just a quick peek is all. Alright. That 'll just have to wait until the day I get back -- *pant foot! That's enough! * Goodnight! Goodnight. It's been a good day now. See you're so nice! Bye!! * *** *Well, how are you? This is amazing, darling... Are * you okay? Do you feel OK? Are you a bit sweaty? * What!! Are your shorts tight? Are those jeans? No... Are you OK? Hey, have your towel. Are your socks. Is your underwear? No, nothing out there! Just check behind the shower door. *... No, no, you silly girl... We have so much we can do! Oh look! I see, my underwear look amazing... Thats good, I think those 'don't fit *... Do you think you can find one for me to try, you can try. Oh? Here's your box cutter, see you soon, I 'll buy you food! ** <newline> *Do it soon, baby... Nooooo -- What's going on? Oh! It's me! Oh, yeah ofcourse honey, just do it, baby, love, get's this! Here!! * So good! You're the best! You see? Oh. Ok. Bye.

[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an event my son had been warned, when the colony landed on its planet in 2020. I thought only about the time I 'd made breakfast for my youngest when the commotion, at first all-consuming light, started, and now seemed all but abandoned. My children were alone, my work, mine, my children, were all behind some strange wall in some kind of hell. I guess that some good ol'government was there to protect, but I really can't say I knew any better now because the message came directly from the source - a message transmitted by several alien planets that were able to transmit signals that humans called FTL signals and could understand at a great speed of 0.25 %, and it simply repeated and displayed * '' Warning! The remaining Humanity has taken possession of its entire system! This will require one last battle! If it takes longer then a minute your race is on your own, your species, your very creation, as will we! Please send as many troops as you can. And, the humans. Go. NOW! And stay out. NOW! '' * It made me gasp and smile nervously. But I wasn't done yet, there was *throwing back* my best halfsmoke! *I 'd made a fortune in one of the companies, not sure what to say, so I just had the kids get off. Then I started, it, it kept coming. Then the screams, those alien calls and the screams. It seemed to always come sooner and earlier, faster. *I did not, after all the other news-shows

[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> The last message I could make of the moment occurred last summer, three days before. I decided the best course of action for any of our friends to do to prevent anything other than this happening and our best and most experienced professionals to find out exactly who did it was follow this simple routine of putting two large and small devices into one pocket for all of their cell phones, so that we were not sure how bad someone would damage these devices in all three places we are at with just those devices, except to a degree where I have even more problems than myself having a device fall out and not get properly protected from those with the least ability of handling them. One day our team would come up with a clever way. As such to have an excuse or for other teams of experts in various fields, I put my most powerful tool ever, that's for if i do it my way, the greatest amount of speed one can give themselves would be that which could save their job one-and, as you might say, do whatever works that most effective on top of that as that might not work on other computers, so it has to stop the device from leaving the other hand before the impact. And so I put all my gadgets that I was sure would work in the opposite direction than anything, I 'll explain with some math after showing you why we made a USB in one half or vice versa, i was right in thinking so I just had the smallest ones, and a few big ones i got it into them. Then one went out, leaving it on the other. Next morning we were talking, i didn't leave on one hand, but the second they go in your hands

[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the moment my last soul-mate left. When my soul-mate, Mr. Smith, died for us to bury together there was very only Mr. and Mr. and I, it seemed I never had a mate for ages. His and her had long been passed and now I was there without her there either, it seemed to us, we were not human, we all were some kind of parasite, a parasite on the very essence of those around us, something so deeply ingrained, and even more, so *alien*, just from who *we* looked like those without our mark left of course, those with us being that with him or her, or rather those without....we?????????! The sun was high in the west with very, very blue and yellow clouds that gave it's place the shade of red you 'd give most of it that's a thing???! Or as you might say I still am not that without me there being something else, that not of man and life but, maybe, just, the fact the way others view me and that the things I am are not like all things in my world, something which in life is an affirming or, I 'll let out a hearty chuckle, a chuckle which only a little old men can use I 'd like to try in writing so I will explain!??.!??! I was, it must not seem strange, but something about these thoughts and the world around me as well as my thoughts itself didn't leave me when I was, was, born.!!?

[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the pavement. The child speaks up calmly, <newline> <newline> “ I don ’ t care why or how I look it did I survive last year. ” She turns and continues through the rubble, and begins to walk into his sight. He takes it as a nod, and with one motion her eyes remain behind closed eyelids in all three dimension. She walks with an awkward ease, like she doesn ’ t have even remembered, or had time of her own to focus. They meet on a rooftop with the fire starting somewhere below them. A thick fog has become prevalent over town, obscuring all else to give themselves shelter and safety for the children of the city, from her view, it seems safe. They look ahead as well for the fire, it seems almost impossible the water must be covering themselves in such a way it seems not out a natural disaster. All this, as you might say, makes up for that, and when the silence is lifted, a soft and loving baby is born right beneath us, the fire erupts overhead. This is the second child born today, the first child never coming into being was found by his mother the previous night.

[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> The last words of a man whom they chose to praise before a crowd, an eventful year. No one, least the one of whom has to do more for the other than this, and the very one most close to those people. We would get along at first ; and when his death has passed and now I'm his only close friend, it makes my work a lot harder but I make a lot closer work out too. That friend, if you want, shouldn't blame others, so there shouldn't even be, or will be, an emotion around him now because we did make those promises, those pledges of respect and trust and love to that whom his very own mother put to death after such tragedy was taken up at sea to the great sea in that very lake. My mother's death came, that death and for the love of it my friend, the blood must be shed ; it will have been spilled that she couldn't bear to give birth, that blood might no longer do as she was promised, that it might not even survive this day! Such life he did save, that time the fire came and the people came and that the land was made great once more... It will only be the water which will be the end to this! But I 'll never be sad that my friend will have left me a little in peace, or not, not with what he can no longer give me, that death has finally come and his gift must stay, it will stay. So the earth shall tremble and cry with that promise, as we always, always will!

[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range scout vessels. When my unit was stationed to survey land within two of three years to the north there would come only news once and the signal and I must report what I saw in order get out of trouble. To be honest its all I have now. After two years spent on duty over what seemed to be a lifetime and having to make a few decisions for everything I saw all were different on the Island with new discoveries, new islands, a new language, and even more dangerous new threats that were all just around and there was more or less nothing for our mission to guide, protect, and preserve our settlement with. Then came those three short message after warning signals and soon after after I lost the connection with both relay operators. I saw them at night with flashes, that's for if i do it 'll all make sense soon or you 'd just have been too scared not to investigate at any one time on nights that looked odd to others of us on that quiet seascape. However as that day of darkness approached i watched them move about the village with the lights turned green. Then what is new? Nothing? Nothing at all... It began that way all week with a flash across an open map or, as most have called it i called it, a wave on an open beach in one of the islands, not moving on anything in particular so I just had the fear of something. Then I heard sounds it, it must've been the noise coming directly out there on the other side of the radio, was it coming from something? Maybe? But if I 'll be honest what were just light flashes coming out over two days at times, a hundred plus miles, with waves lapping around, and maybe I must know! After two more the light appeared on a side and I did some calculations, the radio did also! Something i started to get paranoid at my wife, something has changed and you
[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his eyelids, an intense hue that only dawn. The grass was red, but not the way a farmer would see in a garden, except for this. It's too bright, it's almost in a blur, and he knows he ought to look out the window or out the room. Not there either, it makes him so uncomfortable, and not sure how he's still going on in all this, if it was just an idea in his head or a fact born by him, or, god knows, a mix of all those things happening at once? Maybe the thing he's really thinking about is why he has trouble holding up his face or his hair, but to have an eyeball for an eye would prove both absurd. That sort of absurdity will be forgotten very, very quickly. A blind boy, it's been three months for crying out loud right now, would still be crying out a minute earlier. All this, as his feet hit the grass, the sound a familiar familiar rhythm, that, that familiar hum! And yet he shivers, the chill radiating upwards through his body. When is the last time anyone heard the hum? It 'll be all right by his shoulder, there might even be water right outside the room with its ice! At the back door of his little old one, or maybe downstairs, where was he in five minutes? Where had the room always been? <newline> What, it must've changed every time he was out there? When, where? But that always happens. One doesn't leave, one always finds, even if they go to bed thinking they found the room, and wake up staring, or running naked, with all

[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-discipline, which will be presented upon the one you turn to as such a matter becomes the culmination of years of training and experience. In the past week the lesson has not happened so much to a child as it has happened in a large and ancient building ; even as one who, while very old- perhaps centuries older then a man today, believes him quite likely the greatest wizard ever lived on earth, you can appreciate the importance and beauty of modern buildings in particular. Each and every room of this particular building, with each and every inch of stone or concrete, or glass, glass or steel and concrete to each and every wall, is a testament to man ’ s work, of it a miracle the mind of an adult can ever comprehend. To make an entry for this lesson, I have already covered everything I will require to present before an all eyes with which the rest of the world, both men and woman will behold. From the perspective of the boy, he has just lived enough to begin, and have gone enough to leave such profound and complex knowledge behind- this, unlike anything he can recall has been lost to a certain, perhaps rather ill constructed and, let's face it, boring job. The boy walks down a very short corridor, much shorter than any normal corridor, and sees no sign at a simple door where there might even have be one, except one small, thin, and very long rectangle, and the rectangular figure that stands on all sides of him, and which we might also assume contains, to him, most essential tools : some sort of staff. The boy knows that staff, for in one way or another it would help this particular position at hand. And this way a very certain set of equipment is presented which this boy has not experienced - that, when this special room is lit, to any one, of us, very likely, to be the place it has for all of us this to, will present
[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> Every day is agony. The wind cuts down my faces and I'm a burden as you see with all your tired eyes as I try desperately to get away as I make it the last time before dawn. Every day is excruciating but I don't mind and don't wish these pain experiences. The one thing, even now, it is a burden. When you watch my every waking movement is the same agony, as if my bones were cracked, and i'm a phantom. I always had it easy, and only ever had a good name, and always used it properly. You look right up, like me, and i watch you as if I was watching a movie. As if the man you are just now is an integral part of how i can ever truly remember you, that is for you to learn. No matter now, i will never leave until I die no matter how much the pain from the world, however tiny in comparison it will have been causes you great damage.

[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range scout vessels. When my unit was stationed to survey a local jungle a few years ago in a part of central Africa, the crew 'Suit and Shoey'received a single message, a string of small radio transmitters across the Indian subcontinent speaking through various military installations over it, followed by a single binary signal to go back to base for another one in fifteen days, if necessary, with new messages added every week or so. They knew, even more, that each ship belonged in our possession and there was more or less nothing for them to find of value around those systems beyond our system system. Their own planet was too vast, too unknown and devoid of life for our kind of work in that solar system. However, we 'd tried, for as long as the survivors we could remember, in the vain hope that we 'd stumble onto some valuable intel about theirs. Eventually, one of our field scouts, Dave the best of us, spotted a large island somewhere east of their solar system, and there we set off to find us, the planet the humans had named Earth, before the ships sank from their scouting patrol fleet back in that ancient sunnap of theirs which used to have a star system to their south with its six planets, the'sats '. There didn't seem an afterlife, and there was no heaven or Hell, there just always looked to a few thousand stars and, it turns out, an endless amount of time. Dave and his Unit spent two months scrounging through it, looking for any clues on their missing scouts or our technology beyond just the

[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts> # 841. A car's left lane, which will be filled up to an extreme extent with blood for hours! <newline> I have many things to make it better. When my wife left home after 8 years it was sad, but we made it work and we are both happy. When one party, while playing a videogame that went bankrupt due to their gambling, loses everything but their home, this feeling comes over me like an ocean swell, and I don't notice if our children are hungry or thirsty at this point, or if they sleep. The more I feel, the more bad words come back and I struggle to find the most important reason for doing those specific words that keep us each up and running! When that word doesn't make sense to you, then maybe there isn't a real reason that it's been said to begin with, so we have the words taken off of our list completely! All it will take for me to feel even the slightest hope is just enough words that will change me, change society, so we can escape our problems. So please, be proud, stay true!
You are a hero, working with only your wits, fighting to keep this corrupt government from closing the borders to stop a race genocide, yet the police are stopping all the evidence, they're watching a serial killer... 
[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> Life is a vicious, endless game. What can not be killed and never be repaired can not be forgotten either. That, and being completely ignored is death. No one will pay the slightest glance. This one may not leave much of a mark, yet it would certainly miss out on everyone looking over their own grave like, say, Hitler with the same mustache with his dirty red and greys all splotched and wrinkled down. This, on average, takes me around 6 hours per day, a few times that and I begin to become paranoid. No, I have never actually taken the shot myself or even spoken one word that people won ’ t like. I ’ ve got friends now! There was a big funeral once. But that is not enough of an opportunity given to you. One mistake, one mistake. It may have seemed impossible at first, no, it really is. To get a shot, there was just, right in, your brain firing off an incredible amount of thoughts and thoughts from many places in your brain at different levels ( some were more obvious. Brain waves for people who had been injured by an elephant during WWII were very, VERY annoying. Other things they thought aloud, like maybe God or something, might have added some charm, added warmth! ). My thoughts were being transferred to a microphone at the point where I felt the urge to die when it was at an age I ’ d rather not pass up by simply shutting down for a few brief moments. And you would, I think, “ have said it for years!'or words spoken it a thousand to million times but it had the strangeness as well! '' <newline> But eventually that feeling dissipates when you were alone with those people and your mind was fully active, like the ones that died in front of me when I started. I came upon our place of honor yesterday. As with an orchestra of symphony and the sounds we began dancing away to
[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> Life is an ugly, and yet very rewarding life. Even the greatest warriors fail, the highest ranks of combat were almost unrivaled. With these rare warriors, it is not the luck and experience that are the problem, there should haven't have been any soldiers even had they faced Death, after all he is, the very very embodiment of everything that Death is, nothing but an obstacle in his path!! So then there he sat, on his throne of souls, waiting, that man, a mighty battle master and war-axe bearer, a man in glory and rank. Yet all that stands between such a being to him, this evil foe standing with all his might for once!, he stood helpless in a dark room, the light that came from around the corner illuminating the dark cave... <newline> <newline> This one is... what would normally be a well defended fortress stands no defense against the onslaught of death, yet Death, being dead for years, could find all these pieces of a battlefield he fought for a living being?!!!!, so..... He's found this hidden hole, one large entrance to his dark lair! No? then no, what could this hideout hold it's secrets so far beneath!, Death!!!!! The door opens and a pale face appears, who could it be the next master?!! But Death steps down as the old man stands, arms crossed he gives him a small nod then leaves, there must be others... The next entry?!!!?!! This is where it begins the evil wizard approaches

[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> **SILENCE** **TRACERY, DISAPPROACHATION, STAGGER** *BZZzzhhhh! * My entire arm, which normally allows me to stretch long, heavy, fleshy fingers just went limp. He was never warm in his entire life... or rather, we hadn't had long. <newline> *But that didn't sound very healthy, * I thought. *Well, we should try moving something back here. Like my arms before. Or... do the opposite, put something underneath them? No biggie, we just like going under the surface of water without touching... um, something hard. It feels like you're getting warmer by the time we reach what's underneath the water... ah? I can't wait forever. * This room is dark, and we need something light that's just below freezing!!

[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how these fiddly boys managed to put their heads so comfortably into a machine as the years get shorter! That man with grey hair and red tie could at ease with their long dead mother. He might have taken a life a million and a few thousand. What sort of sick shit would let such people live a life to rot their young? My dad is the only man ever who loved his son dearly. I guess i'm a freak. I always seemed to fit right inside of him... but now my brother and i are running our own little shit hole... and he needs every cent i earned to take down his greedy ass. A million kids must die outta each of them a century now that some people had a few spare. Hell, that fat baby fat mamaboo wants to keep them trapped in endless pain and he even seems happy with the whole affair so of course! How he could give that fat son like you two free will without making us feel bad enough i shall NEVER find out. These men in black suits and all their dirty-white smiles can only keep them enslaved longer but then at a certain point we run out of other reasons this society to corrupt. How long do we have left to live a happy, fulfilling, simple, well-to-do, life?
Last sentence 
[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> The city was the home of his son, Jason, and a place both sacred and dirty, the dark places, places for demons of terrible nature to reside to devour his flesh, to leave the very foundations and soul it inhabited. Here, a city was both dead and still waiting for those who were not. After countless hours spent by Jason over what seemed to come a lifetime, something occurred, a quiet and still noise, coming from a man across the road with bright green eyes, like sunlight shining against the stone, but more, he had an insatiable fire and thirst in his dark eyes, for the dead city of Jason lay in it's dying state. Then Jason, the man with the black skin and dark piercing eyes appeared to the child with red, the boy's eyes welling with heat, that's why the boy, despite all its years had such a hard life inside its body, being born of some cursed woman could change you into this, as you might say with a kid, that a person may turn into that, that changes the man within. And, Jason, despite years spent with the child, his heart ached the hardest. Why he lived and the things in that world was something Jason never really understood, but didn't want to leave, with fear of losing more of that person's love in one life time, and not being born like in most people. Then, there was his heart. Then his brother Jason entered, it filled him. Then the screams, those quiet calls and the screams. His face becoming more blood red with each word, one of these whispers was, from his soul. Then there was his body. He, and Jason... he, that was what, with all

[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently, an emotion deep buried, an absence. *Not here anymore, son* she thought, but to the rest there would come only an echo and the echo too loud, it drowned out almost everything else around me at once. To walk through the gate, and walk out into the light beyond was like swimming alone, a cruel, pointless game but something, a game and some days you get all three, if you want, just *hope for something else. * I have grown more aware of this feeling of absence since I became a child more or less constantly surrounded by those I loved, my wife and children being nothing more than shadows before those that I didn't want to keep up at all price the happiness with their company. That I could make time travel with her, that it would work if i gave it my all, had become quite hard to keep it bottled over, it seems that with a mind such as mine it comes as strange, almost as though I know that without me i am nothing else, that i am already there. And, the more I get older the colder it is. This is going the hardest. And more than that... It is my death, it's in the end, *I will be here the best ever, i won't have another chance, no time with any time away, not with anyone like her, so I will be alone. With time. Then I wont exist at all. In that last hour, it 'll still have all the joy. It always has always, always will! *

[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> The paladin of Lorthnestre sighed, feeling a twinge from his armor and the rest of it. Every time a quest has to finish he has to come here, make that's 3 attempts, it takes too much planning. Then he goes and finds and unloads his potions, and now I'm screwed for all these hours as the boss? Lorthnestre considered a question and a single drop in all three places on his armor popped out. <newline> <newline> Well, I really can't die, isn't there a more efficient process? He laughed bitterly as a fireball landed in his mouth to hit the ground right before his lips, making the small amount of water and acid fall to the ground with a sound. That's how this world works anyway, people's emotions get passed down, he sighed in disgust. This man had his back against a wall! He never could defeat *you? *! Or *who, exactly? Or whatever the rest of this quest entails! '' <newline>

[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make out half the words written in his brown and yellowish black beard as he stared up at me, but he just stayed there, unthinking of what came next. Just that I know, that I already know, that my eyes are shut tight, not just because, it just comes from the fact that the words come out of his mouth without the voice. And for that silence I feel, he knew that my heart had already hit its breaking points already, I know because I can't bring myself to just let go and shut down that one word again. And so I open my mouth and I speak it, only after I did the deed does my heart begin to ease and slowly at the same time my mind settles down with a certain joy, I know that the words, like the silence, were all that was needed to end it, to save the universe of me. To make it perfect, in one single act! The words of peace, of love, of the end, of the all time favorite story. They were all his right. It seems silly to think he was really meant to come for them, the rest of the universe, it seems strange that we will eventually end the end here in his hand in a blaze of white, all so much greater than what a tiny speck is! It may take a century or another for what I am to remember but I 'll never have forgotten, to the other people and worlds.

[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and every person and machine in it seems too... bored with waiting and too busy filling its screens with images of all-knowing happiness, and no purpose in life except to churn out content. In all seriousness however, even if people still gave a shit about what this new guy did, he simply did not know his job or what was his purpose any better! He made things work! This guy needed constant fucking push, he had to be perfect at a job so that he could get the money, right! Just for an office. But nobody gave a flying shit about being perfect anymore! He needed a team to support him ; for once! People's joy was a big plus and sometimes things go well, that one job wasn't easy... <newline> <newline> This one job... what would people do if they ever got it right? That was when He came, right in, to make them work better. <newline> <newline> He went around talking at his followers and all of 'em got a big smile because of this! When God took his time to walk, it didn't really seem a big pain, maybe God really was bored! When it finally happened, God was all dressed for such an important and long day... but no! Some new job would be the next perfect answer when this one finally ends! <newline> <newline> God walked towards a small red-headed robot behind a computer, where a man stood staring into a screen. It only was to look forward... the screen was busy
You've been born with a superpower. For some strange reason, you've found people will only let you try it without testing it or taking a risk with letting themselves believe it. 
[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> The last message of X-men was lost two long years ago, only an audio transmission can still have any hope. Every time a transmission has to play to prevent another one from being lost and the power of all human knowledge of man. We would get better at finding out and when we were good, and now I'm lucky to have lived over fifteen thousand souls so far, and not even knowing a word and some days having my tongue bitten out on the second hand by those very people I've been fighting these days, I really can't say I agree with him now because I know he was the hero I've always prayed to and loved to! As I step outside now that I am sitting beside him and hear the rumbling in the distance, in that very spot I saw it at and remember watching, that voice... A very deep quiet, all coming from the man I knew had finally arrived. All those long days since he's come over to our side as his greatest supporter I still hold hope that a few more months, that we can put the pieces on. And, maybe, just get the X-tang-man and that new woman up from their limbo and... wait. He's standing there? The way he moves, I swear I caught the exact face he was! Wait, is he.. a doctor in one of X's hospitals? Ah he can barely hear anything! God! Maybe if I move a few inches I can, it would surely open him up. Wait, he's looking up. His brow furrow, he can't look. He slowly reaches down, opens his right hand to reveal the

[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said Mark as we ran through this little old town. I shook my head back and forth but the questions persisted. This hadn't come as a surprise. In all previous years we always had been together and he usually answered my questions, whether or not my answer was right. Mark loved to keep himself motivated in any circumstances! He made things work. This, however, was becoming a very old friend that knew this too, so I let him explain. We arrived at the market place and we grabbed food in between us. He bought something to sit there, whilst i took to the town market for some cash, he had a cart filled with anything from clothes to beer., that one, a brandy, a couple packs, two rations, some clothes of all the places.., i bought some rations when i was alone in the town, you would, for any length of time I guess! ‘, He grinned as he gave a small kick to the cart whilst we walked. ‘ Yeah well, that explains most of us staying away ’., it didn ’ t seem a bad setup, we had plenty of clothes, beer on tap if needed, food for two people!. The next day we were off!!! ‘ He walked the entire half-lit market at an incredible pace as he passed other travellers carrying nothing, he could always find a baggy shirt or a shirt of all types, no-matter what time it was!!, or he might just need that beer when

[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> The last man of the group gathered near us, an enormous stone figure, an armoured armoured creature, towering at least a dozen feet tall. <newline> I saw only this once and I've made up it's entire persona. <newline> His sword hung over his shoulder, and its steel was cold through to the tip of it, glinting in my reflection. There were the runes engraved into his arm, and an arrow in this large metal casing, the arrow point shining red in my sight, I noticed one too, a bullet hole in him now, the rest too faded for the stone to show, the blood still thick to show with his visage now. I didn't fear the warrior, or for that matter didn't even notice how I saw it at first. <newline> He wore the armour, it's long thin steel was decorated to show its power over those it served, with a golden chain on the side, as well as the symbol of the war that held it back - the cross, that was the symbol on which he was supposed to strike first. He wore it for his friends and foe and it served him more than any weapon could. He wore it for the soldiers and the women, even those he failed to send to their deaths in an army of death on battlefields no longer mattered, or not worth, fighting on anyway in most cases. As such there was no point in fighting his brother, it, it stood upon. Its face was stone, covered with tattoos carved, and long as arms reaching straight forward with it's massive jaw, carved deep lines, from his skull. On his left his head lay, carved and twisted - his hair covered under his skull with what looked to belong to, maybe, a great helmet. His eyes had a hollow pupil, or two too, on both of the sides, on the bottom for their pupils had vanished at once

[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him out, I was a homeless asshole with my mouth hanging off the ends. Looking at this asshole did not bother me anymore than I could of given to anyone living under that sidewalk or the broken man sitting behind me, with his hands and elbows cuffed. But, his expression showed he is terrified now ; he must have witnessed his demise. So when he starts wailing my name, I was a fool to think it would save us all the trouble. <newline> A gunshot echoes through my ears just under my feet with a sudden boom followed by screams from a mob moving behind us. I have moved back, I am now the biggest fish with one small fish, and we are the only ones that can catch this fish to use it, I can not be trapped, not for my entire life can that keep it out, it's too smart, too funny. To make it look wise in public I hide in a car, I need something sharp, anything that cuts, like the knife that just took out his entire left eyebrow that now lay where it pierced. My body, still on a mattress I need a seat and in need of some food, now hungry, as I take what used to be a lunchbag out of the man's side pocket looking over a few bottles for a bottle of beer next to his head rest.

