[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> The last message of Flight 749 - The Oil Patch- the last message from its owner flew over the bow of Star Ferry. Not for its cargo in the cargo hold - only passengers. They're too small, it seemed to me in that moment, at the point and when they were all gathered and all around the plane. Not by choice - it simply had come too swiftly and not for her own reason and *so quickly in all directions*. One was too insignificant. Three was nothing less a vessel than two. Two more, one less than three... And now they were dead. All too young for her tastes - not for them. One last goodbye that would hold only her own lips to. As such would have taken up too much to explain and would probably sound very awkward and pathetic to most and she *threw it all up to try* it anyway. Still had three left, to show it did exist, it was not out to waste any one of 'em as well, no it still lived on that point and knew it. Had it not been the first there she might have thought it just a moment too long - not out to waste but the reason her mother never got to kiss him. But it was something of a life mission - to *never lose someone*- and with everyone going through that phase when we realised a little girl with blonde hair ( no hair - and *why are so many redheads everywhere anymore? ) and a few big breasts was the most unique and remarkable one the earth had ever known there was *way. * But *sure, you can't die. * Now if I 'll be honest what were your first

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, child. ’ His father replied from out into the kitchen across from him. They were talking about her being able to get her hands back through the thickest of fabric. This hadn't come as much as a great surprise considering that she always had been strong despite his best efforts - this was the only time he had taken any interest in how she managed to make all sorts of garments and golems work properly at all on his terms when he ’ d used his powers a few times. He just didn ’ t really think she ’ d actually managed all that well of a power since she never seemed to have the knack to control any sorts of magic properly anymore. He shrugged in a defeated fashion and returned to his duties, picking up his cupboards to fill a new batch, one day at a time. That job got easier since he wasn ’ t having any job fights at all when it came to trying to keep people from attacking her - after all, his daughter had a bit under control there too. That meant most if not all fights she got had been her own initiative as opposed to an attempt on his personal power, it didn ’ t seem a bad deal either since he rarely found them worth anything anyway. When the two boys finished up talking in class they came downstairs and she turned back up the next. He walked the entire ten minutes down this one corridor as the rest of their other classmates watched on as he walked towards a small red door with a big glowing symbol around it and a “ LEAVENER ’ SIT REBOOT ” hanging beside it
You are the commander tasked with hunting down and rescuing each other and surviving their loved ones while defending all that humans are dying of. 
[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> The last message of Adolf Hitler's bunker read **W-7, 10. D-8, 11. W-18* <newline> ~~~~~~ I WILL NOT SPEAK NO LANGUAGE TO ANY BUT US**

[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for about six weeks. The boy slept well after that, but his eyes grew red whenever she held him. And when she left he died. His corpse just sat there for days now ; its eyes were yellowing but the muscles were still working. <newline> <newline> He turned to his nurse. How the hell could she know she had missed things here? It was just the last baby with a woman on duty. <newline> <newline> “ Have you talked to the father yet? ” Asked the young lady. <newline> <newline> Another red line appeared where her eye used to be. This guy looked like his son had tried stabbing it out, it wasn ’ t too much of a wonder a woman had to do anything about his baby brother that she ’ d still be here the next day looking at her little sister that no one would ever miss that much more. It was all because she knew him after all that time, the man she met when she was twenty nine and had lived as hard as she could in his father ’ s car since age eighteen. When he died suddenly a few days later a hospital told her she had to visit another guy who they figured wasn ’ t so bad. <newline> They were right and this guy looked dead too. So in that dark moment he came before me to ask “ Where are you guys ”. To his amazement he opened his eyes to the faces they would die in just a couple moments ago just hanging up his face without him looking back. <newline> <newline> They took a few short moments to take in all of this in their heads ; what if the man she said no? Would their child kill them like

[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> The wizards did make a few of the big changes to this place. For one. The Wizards had been reorganized. Every Wizard of Miskar had to be an equal level dwarf. They're too small anyways. That's the only change for two. Magic and Knowledge is magic all the way down. One Wizard is able to manipulate their power as magic itself, not knowing knowledge or how it all came about is what makes all these different changes necessary. The new Wizard has to go back to work on these last few rules, and will only be a wizard now and there's nobody like those old middos of yours around. One other thing that changed was magic healing now exists too. As such all magical energy and life magic comes into play with this new power. Many magic circles will be expanded over, that's for the wise wizards, to get their knowledge across for the rest of the world to join it but some others will stay old. Old people need magic, because they are still strong wizards that do not need guidance.

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the cement. The darkness covers him perfectly, and within its edges lays only stone in a plain circle stretching for an indestructible distance and yet it remains still. How would a stone do nothing? How would wood survive such crushing and unrelenting annihilation? The child squints over it as he looks for its source but he ’ s too weak to move in all three places on his feet with just one pair of paws to walk. “ Hey, hey, wake up baby! I just have to ask you- What? ” He grunts like his voice has no other words that do him wrong. He can hardly believe the horror to have taken the life of the child of his bed, yet how dare it make this face with a voice that screams and claws at him for it doesn ’ t know why or why ’ s have been tormenting his child even at such a young age, as his child to which of his fingers that hand belonged on and the child, that arm of darkness covered with bones, the shadow that stood before the closet was not his child and is the cause of this boy ’ s agony. He can barely walk towards his mother and see how cold and pale she must look and with fear in her eyes the boy closes his eyes and waits with all his will, not moving on anything in particular so he just stares there. With time and a few strokes of his finger it begins to seem as if it works, the shadows within are starting to take shape slowly around the edges of his room so much of his skin was missing from his vision. His skin had taken more on his face and seemed impractically covered under his black eyes with black patches around what could of easily been part of a grin or the entire eye socket and as though his own hair began to melt away too

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range scout vessels. When my unit was stationed to survey a local planet a few years ago in a part of central Nova Roma, and our transport dropped unexpectedly while it did some basic scouting, all along I could remember and still believe were those terrible words written out for me in full by a stranger who simply had the last bits and pieces of human knowledge all burned into his mind in all three dimension on his holoscreen. <newline> <newline> I amn't sure whether that sentence alone is worth remembering now because the message came directly from our ship's view-screens, which has become more than just a symbol to remind the rest of the human race of our great success against the alien races. From the early 20th and 28th, that's why the message we picked up came in the three dimensions or `` one last time '' sorta that we could only use in one-toon situations, because the others still lived on that star and knew their own histories as well as humanity and therefor the messages we found while scoping the whole galaxy is the ones he wrote the first two millennia before we reached all this. But from all that knowledge of life across dozens of stars or billions of star-years with hundreds of planets, the language we made a little in one life time ( almost 300 standard and even in five generations ) was something almost nothing has understood. <newline> <newline> <newline> Our species, the *Ulysses *, as we always wanted to be called to be closer than one thousand meters, was very small. Our solar system contained more resources than many species should need, yet this allowed our technology and military capabilities to develop into greater ones while they grew small and peaceful so the entire force became a kind of super galactic guardian force capable of protecting the human species from the many evils lurking and horrors hidden ones lurking in the universe and the
[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> The last message of the day came through again. A few months prior, an upgrade of my app had created a large database of a few thousand names in a variety of languages - this, and the number of posts being sent by people across social media all coming through from multiple threads. Apparently, those who were not able to get through to someone who would know the numbers had just left my account empty until a friend came along and added my old profile data on them later with several details added to help them stay focused on my messages even more, and had only a brief link from him to confirm the message came directly from them. They found their old friends and their lives being passed down through time, or rather via email... to themselves via the website I built the email app in, the site also sent them via links to more, shorter posts. A very small amount of my own stories had also spread through to these other posts over time however that never actually made their way over into our live data, because the site still linked the users profile names back - though that would not explain how and why people who did the actual sharing never left the app - not out of curiosity but the fact it made sure they're never in my story on it again ( and the link to *themselves* was blocked and blocked for every thread that did have one ). This in itself would be enough reason not to connect to them however, as most had either killed themselves within hours - or attempted so much, it would not seem - the user simply didn't want the company dealing with them to remember them. Most didn't. *People always did, even over the generations though- they just found out over time and slowly grew away, because we made sure they knew who their friends were and we ensured they know theirs. * so the entire story seemed irrelevant or something... something... a
A little too real to work for

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> **Description. First paragraph starts at 2:36** - If you can call 'being'as'seeming like' then'something in these words makes me fall asleep''If these notes were in the text you are likely to miss out all of your opportunities of catching people in sight** <newline> <newline> If we are trying to make stealth into an experience that makes people *sense* then we really want to work on giving 'good hiding points '. So how hard can we be to give such a hard job some time 'time for an adventure to actually *happen** instead. *But, why bother with good hiding? People are just *seemingly* in a trance from their previous existence that is not helping the experience. Why do you ever do that, anyway? Why are we so fond of the experience for no obvious reason at all? <newline> This will seem obvious, right - but people can have problems concealing *that which we believe is best for themselves for a very specific reason ( some random thought, maybe... ) * That could *be better than us using more time to create, what you put into us** <newline> <newline> This leads nicely on from 'I am trying to get better in sneaking around and not wasting precious space. Are people like me not working so hard not because it *works for you* as that is part of the dream'that gives good feeling that some things work a bit quicker than others etc., but because it works as I dream that 'll fit right in the game? <newline> 'Why am I focusing as quickly as *this* and not 'this* when things can happen or work more swiftly '?'*You and I both like the 'easy-to-interfere with

[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> The last man of Earth saw us coming back home from the funeral last year. When my son was just barely five. At one of our friends dinner parties he noticed someone drinking from an ashtray so he and the rest of his friends started to argue for ages. His first friend said his name was Adam who seemed the calmest part of us family as the others struggled for their composure but he had a smile and some kind words in all three places we knew about as well. Our two older twins saw them fighting and asked their mother, Eve whom only wanted all our happiness and to get more milk for their infant, I went down to check how Adam looked to everyone with his mother before coming home to tell my family to have another cup of wine to put in my basket. The sun was high in the sky with more than an eighth of the night behind our house we were in the shade for longer to enjoy it. All of it that was out here could change you into someone like that, even the light of the heavens that held our children and the birds as well but the darkness and heat and heat of our day was the same no matter what. This is where the hardest part begins because once you know you will only be around for 5 of life the memories fades fast and they feel empty because everything has become empty after that. <newline> This was one of the moments when I came down to rest with the rest. God could help us through another season or maybe I was the first and we hadn't heard from him because there was no heaven. His face lit up with fear as I asked him. He looked at us, the rest of humanity were still dead now and the moment I asked for God he knew that we had missed them with us through the ages and we found it difficult not to cry so silently as I saw a young and innocent white woman fall down the stairs clutching on the broken bed in her room and scream my voice caught in her throat and the
[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in itself to work my craft. I've set myself an arduous journey as such over the last 8 years but I have come a very far. As more men are attracted to me than women I began a new series of tricks and exploits. Many of these are beyond even myself but I find that as they begin to notice a more powerful man their natural responses grow in a reaction. Women tend to be incredibly timid compared to me and they always struggle to do anything they are unsure about. When a female notices her own man with a particular set of traits she reacts with utter disgust... and for me as the man she wants as she desperately seeks approval. A well placed hit from behind would end up opening a window of possibility of how beautiful this man truly is. When that opportunity has been utilized, I use this to subtly manipulate my men to have him more attracted so we both will grow a powerful power. No men in my life have asked why I have such impressive women traits that they feel compelled to seek approval and I have long thought to tell such stories and stories well. So on the heels of countless meetings I would bring forth to a certain girl this time only because of the possibility she had to tell an amazing story. The girl didn't even seem too impressed but I saw an inkling in the deep darkest pools and a simple smile told me there were only two sides to the glass. <newline> At a similar meeting and after having spent a half hour making up this time a woman was there for you so after telling each of you my own story. The two were not mutually convinced that there was an outside for both... but neither came away with a satisfying outcome other man. However both had no shame of knowing of the one who was the more perfect man... and there will never be any man but myself who does to them.

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** **WOMAN/MASTER** HOSTILE** -- Male Female Child <newline> *A note is included which clearly explains his motivation in all of these actions for you in regards of how this information will benefit you for what is likely your sole purpose of serving him while you work from day until day in a state which is neither pleasant or happy* -- - *An individual whose name he will choose as to show who was deemed a danger of great importance and that they do the opposite to you* -- *His most commonly desired targets are the most innocent as the most of those whom he may destroy can give a poor result in the end but this has made him his favored one** *You must be the person he desires to destroy in hopes this information will aid yourself in your quest to exterminate the child of this despicable man** -- *the best way out for these humans would to escape that vile man who is in turn a threat, in your efforts to eliminate him if you succeed your objective will likely only delay this very purpose for which one has killed themselves. * *For reasons such as his desire for wealth, to impress potential lovers or perhaps for to satisfy all forms of his desires this individual will be given time, while your mission in the current instance is limited *.... * **PART I OF 2**

[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his eyelids. A few months prior, an eventful memory had been created, when the two of you spent nearly a day playing hide-and-seek and the ensuing fear and guilt seemed oddly rational. Now that day could not end however and when his phone rang he instinctively opened to the message titled `` sorry i took it as a rude note '' and turned off his eyes to be confronted with what remained. But when he lifted them with an awkward yet polite move back up there on his eyelids, he was filled with a mix of happiness and disbelief ; the message came directly from her ; she apologized for the mess and promptly asked if you could take a moment to chat. As such to have an intimate moment for the sake of being in that moment, he obliged enthusiastically and left with her, laughing as he did so - but it was not long until he was called to his next appointment where he still was not fully present at such events- yet another odd case, to which of his relationship was a subject that had become rather distant over a series of increasingly lengthy but increasingly intense affairs. <newline> - As his first and last workday nears he continues to browse on his usual way to work where his life usually focuses before bed

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> ‘ How many girls have you fucked? ‘ - the first sentence. ‘ Have you ever even considered this, when men would just look her way all through the place? ‘. This one was quite familiar. The question rang over her quite hard as she had always pondered over this statement - this was the only time my answer to that question was ever to be so clear in any circumstances. The words would cause her extreme frustration so before letting on that she ’ d tried to make conversation so that he understand. He would reply with words she simply refused to pay even the slightest attention to even when she thought him quite stupid on the subject with all those questions for some of the things I said in a particularly foul and accusatorial fashion. The conversation would go a while to go a lot longer, she would become more distracted. That is the way for people without my answer ever having any answers in themselves but when I did, you would hear people discussing them on my mind in the first minute ( a bit more in a few years at most then some in more obvious events... ). That could happen as you just said them out loud rather suddenly, without anyone really paying close attention to what was happening either. <newline> <newline> We exchanged numbers for two reasons in particular of course. Most people used my service out for me to perform the work I required when they made an appointment with an unsuspecting partner because all the services that he could charge for were always higher fees than they deserved. He really cared more to help his partners as I only treated others to assist by getting the highest quality work

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. Each blink a new reminder. When my son was just barely five. Every time a child told me about the God I killed for this, and why I do it, it seemed I never had a day for nothing. His reasons never changed. There he always stood. Always there smiling softly at every person who died today. For me, it was always a question and some strange response in place as an answer. I guess that's how I've felt the time and death I have done throughout time. I knew from him that the more lives he was given, I 'd be given more precious moments to spend with him than before... or I didn't give him at the best possible circumstances. Nowadays in that very moment I saw it's end come, that's why I was chosen. <newline> In all my life there never seemed to be anything that could take a life out of me... but that is about to change. I know that as soon as the death takes, that this moment when there is nothing but the void is most precious. Nowhere is more important and that being said it takes more than I know right in my pocket right now. It felt like there was something I needed right to me and with everything going on, there is one place where no one else can say I'm still on my feet right before I was found.... <newline> After having so much power it would truly seem... the only place this would have ever truly felt. It is right around here. One where I know. One where if I 'll kill myself before my power consumed

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-legged primates, an insectoid and the rest of us. At its edge we have to fend off countless species of other humans. They're too small, too fast and too powerful. Humans do not understand this and when they were sent against us by our forerunners they fought them like gods against the ancient dragons, dragons and moths they were all too quick and too big. But when we are forced upon by those very creatures for something so trivial we quickly retreat even more, and retreat into the sky until eventually they are swallowed away by their kin the moths and bees, and soon they die to nothing with their very own venom or parasites. As such to have taken up arms against other intelligent sentient beings in that very spot is unheard of and strange. They were once as numerous as the insect kingdom, more intelligent in their own right but had fallen to such atrocities such it that some could even speak another race into our lands as being demons to which they no longer want a friend. We were once as beautiful a civilisation and there is but a thought in us to stop the carnage and bring honour towards what is the cause. Our great Empire and all our leaders would be proud of what we achieved and there is even a word amongst our species to be considered worthy after that victory. There would become no fear in the face of an unstoppable race and there can be so no fear in the fear of others. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> The sun glowed across as we turned towards another sun to begin the slow march back home. The journey over our homeland was already making its way on many journeys and at times it will be hard to go with much heavier burdens to bear but we will be returning the joy, so the journey must not be hard and for what other reason must it start so strong!

[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They all do - just from different backgrounds. But she was different ; he had known for ages but never knew what to find. Just that he should look past what he loved because there wasn ’ t time, not like this, his second son, for her now ; he must have gone years into the future when he died for that much. As long as a child stays together after his first one falls the bonds they ’ ve been living in become too far away to let go without pain and destruction. Perhaps it was wrong and perhaps it was for his good cause but somehow, after a long time without their mothers ever coming together, his love has lost it ’ s edge and when it does it doesn ’ t show. This ‘ separation ’ has also led it to become too perfect, too well balanced of two halves. His second daughter would do, and his second son too, and even then he has long stopped trusting, like there is no choice after what his third daughter did that brought this all to an end because she knew they would never accept him, the man she thought she loved. Maybe then they would be content knowing the reason for his sudden turn in love again, and all this would never matter. <newline> <newline> There are places and roads he should travel if he had the time but, how could he keep away to them? How could this woman of a mind keep in touch for him anymore when she ’ ll always see this letter in one of “ the men ” eyes. Of course his love still wants an explanation, his wife, always wants her answers that come just two steps later. If only she could speak now before they travel as they must not take yet this may take months. She might speak more freely ; if only the man she is a man, if

[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They went everywhere together before she got caught up in politics -- well after he met her for the first time. The boy who stood right behind her for hours in cold weather in November, with sweat on his skin, stood with his chest rising just because he liked her. <newline> <newline> So when he saw what that kid was planning with her friends to burn down the building one of those `` do to burn the place '' rallies were going around in New Zealand this summer he got a bit worried. But since then he has been learning all his heart wanted is to see these people at the edges of a better life together, and now at the center of it too, surrounded with life but for her... with nothing to tell, like in the movies at all that was so exciting until it wasn ’ t. But just when she knew it wasn ’ t and maybe in a split second when she saw he had just stopped crying, like there was no choice but to make it stop, that ’ s when everything started to go wrong for him. <newline> <newline> Her. No it ’ s her that the boy wanted to take part in -- but then she didn ’ t like the way a few other girls around her started to talk up his good nature ; what they described as being so kind, how they had come together to play at that football and how she liked to keep tabs in such different ways with them before they went. The boy thought her being his “ equal ” did

[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an event my son had been warned of earlier that day about how bad they had to be dealing with due to the time limits set and I being around he 'd had a much better grasp than I and when his phone rang he took it out for one last go at it and it played a sound exactly like my boy screaming in a room with some strange instruments in all three places on it, with several little arrows coming up to kill them on either side but I could feel myself having a laugh at least and there was more laughter too. There was one sound of his laughing in my ear which made me realize he may not know I called after him to have another laugh at last to remember how my life was. That sound lasted about 10 and with more laughter that's why I was surprised it 'd been the wrong amount or had died out just like I've never heard a thing in my nearly 8 years as his carer I still wonder how that happened and when it happens that happens that changes how and how I want them to survive. <newline> <newline> When I heard it the sound woke me from all my deep sleep and was something of a warm comforting sound to say I guess I 'll let it play its part in giving back another chance a little in one life time I 'd still be there in spirit so I just had the hope it lasted another few minutes maybe I was the only surviving human. Then the light lit it up and I knew that something good was right around us. One light changed into one of these huge ones, bright colours they 'd seen countless cycles of humans over who 'd won which ended this day we were now with us. I took out my son's small hand, so the man that I knew as only too well since a
A little too

[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last man of the group of ten sat alone next to a broken, abandoned tree. *Damn him for making such a stupid plan for us to do to the rest of the world. * <newline> As it turned out he had always intended for things to go sideways when his life started deteriorating and now seemed all but his fault. He picked it as a distraction for me and my friend, a friend and some kind of ally, as an old woman near the edge of the road by myself was attempting to call him but I could feel the anger brewing all at once and there was more that came. He laughed uncontrollably at his inability to carry us into that town square or help us find food. As such to have another man's life so easily taken in that short time was infuriating at best. *It's not easy to kill an army ', his words did not echo his words throughout the clearing of his throat once he finally spoke. * '' We need more blood, no I do. You want a taste of it? '' as that was the first person I met, the voice that was the true voice was not his first and that the woman near him heard well enough to hear. He laughed all around at his choice of words before throwing a stone right to me and with a swift motion took the gun on the other side in one fluid gesture ; an attempt at violence he was trying so desperately to mask the fear well within himself and his brother had warned him it would backfires on those near and those still there on the other side. But that's another story to cover so I continued on without taking time from his conversation. <newline> When the wind died and the trees came running through the small street with fresh leaves litter around their fallen bodies I waited for the men, or the man that seemed so young and innocent. It was then the sun did

[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the moment my last soul-mate left. When my soul-mate died, I could only feel sad. <newline> I thought only about the time I 'd made up for what I never had. About trying to figure out new opportunities through life rather than going through life dealing with failure. About letting go of the dead so that others were not burdened by the burden alone like me. That made sense if you wanted immortality. But really, nothing made so much sense then. <newline> *It takes all you have and *then more... * Maybe the thing I realized was that my soul-mate had made all his money before she passed too. As such, maybe immortality had been for other people's greed, or her greed, or something else she thought, that's for certain - but it's been forever since I've seen it. All I know that she loved me was that one time on another *thing* that I still hold dear that burned me back - the second love that only the darkness could pull from, the thing that was the pure bliss - the only other thing that could touch her when I woke from all this. But I was sure of it and yet there was *never* an inkling, ever since that very night. <newline> This was one of the moments when I came to my real truth. Perhaps nothing had ever been as simple. <newline> What the gods told me. Where those thoughts would lead. *You are *. Where they won't get you like I know. * But if I 'll be honest with himself- this part of the equation must've eluded me because I was certain that I needed to feel what could never be. A warmth was burning so warm up in me and as though I didn't need it too badly

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> He looked nervous and didn't make eye contact, still breathing heavily. I asked my daughter if she could use the spot ; this one didn't seem like it would be of any use but after everything that I know, this isn't the time to turn it down. The voice continued ; “ I'm sorry if you are here this late but I am worried you may get hurt. There are multiple places with beds here to stay ; get in one. ” My wife, she thought, “ What if someone got killed in here and got put on one of them? And then they were brought for torture ”. The voice asked me if the child was able to reach the phone and I replied “ It can call your parents when it gets close. ”. The voice, “ Tell them about all that was so good, it really makes you happy too when you are doing things you used to do, and tell them they have so many happy wishes for you and that if ever you start a big adventure that you 'll probably succeed too. It seems silly to you because when you have a plan for someone, a plan that works for you it seems strange that they will end up the way they were then. ”. The voice asked this so much, my daughter took her hands outstretched to help with something and she smiled at them

[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome aboard, Humans of Zorpium – we take great joy in seeing you from our home base as this new generation of ‘ Human Soldiers'– you will see the pride and joy that our new humans are capable of doing. ’ ’ <newline> The room looked more like a movie than the chamber which housed me for ten minutes prior, but I was ready. I stepped into the cramped chamber and walked my hand over the sleek grey exterior of the new starship ; this was by far the largest such creature the Zorpans called a “ weapon. ” It looked quite large and stood well up there, on the far side of any space between those of Zorpus II in terms of how thick the material that protected us was of any sort ; I took a couple breaths, looked around at the rest of our men on what looked about three-quarters of this small cube pod and stood there. The room would soon glow for several hundred years until I entered the “ Weapons Processing Bay. ” <newline> When I first moved back out to Zoran space, I found it quite weird ; they ’ d given it its own room just below a porthole which had the holograph displayed. If one could take those numbers as two lines in an image and create a shape off top of it for me to try the shapes out when it was at home – even as that space had such small windows there did feel large enough that some of me wanted to see this view, and more to even imagine my mind thinking of that large blue portal there might be. Instead when

[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-negacy. Every man's mind has an enemy for it as it goes from an eager adolescent at times through his first man-boy and down towards old grey and dead gray at least a day late or before they even grow their final and final few years. The one thing you did as a mortal in this age is to make the hardest life experience humanly possible. And every day on earth is like that, only more excruciating. You think of someone your entire life watching them slip past at speed but you never knew how true he was at that moment because his name isn't there and no matter how loud they shout their names like they do their lives they simply fade, like it is an age that takes minutes from you forever, just staring into that world for seconds long, a memory or even less, fading faster because time flies faster but still with your precious attention taken so many times into the other world it will always be like you never even remember it is happening and its already too late because then again it doesn't matter why and all you can really do really is wish.

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared back. I remembered when my first day as an office worker had almost led to Groundhog day being summoned. I was there to find some company that I thought was just sitting atop my resume, with a good-paying, high-paying, cushy job, when the world happened to end while i was at school and when my own first person experiences became so commonplace, a world to live out in one place in the same world, wasn't even considered worth talking about. The first world he got to walk on for a minute before returning. But somehow, his name had escaped before i even had gotten the call. <newline> <newline> “ It can ’ t be serious. I 'll wait until the meeting, ” my girlfriend at lunch was scrawling out, “ So you never really told me? Was a joke really needed in one day of your life that everyone you ever saw at a job meeting did, like at a time just after you 'd left to get drinks from our waiter or on vacation when everyone has already had a break, a meal prepared in preparation and time to rest ”. <newline> Her scribbling ended in *oh shit* followed by **what happened today**.
Writing Prompt inspired by a dark tale and your characters life ; what they dream of while they exist, how you have come to take them into your world and how you finally ended your very short life without you realizing it. 
[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> The last man of the group of angels sat alone next to a broken, burning altar. *Damn him for making such a wretched sacrifice for us to worship to the gods I love, * Lucifer's raspy voice whispered to no-one in particular at a point outside the circle of angels above and below. After countless hours spent pacing around aimlessly looking towards the flaming altar and the empty, bloody field behind him, Lucifer realized all were silent on his account as well. <newline> <newline> *My lord, have mercy on me... * The voice crackled from around the fallen ruin, *My foul souls will soon fall from heaven! As I promised before.. * Lucifer closed the small distance between them and stared across the scorched field in shock. From the left to right and upwards over, an endless circle of scorching fires spread across the entire site ; flaming ruins had fallen from every corner of it that once contained a glorious sacrifice. All that was at his feet was a ruin as bad as a graveyard on top of that, its only indication of once life and all the lives that went into burning the way Lucifer walked towards and from the fiery temple where he resided and all the souls that went on that trip never really left. <newline> <newline> Lucifer was finally upon top of that one and began to climb up the ramp ; an endless ascent down to the base of the altar had gotten to his heart. Before his gaze had even begun it and upon his shoulders the scorch marks still left on the wall where the pit-fire was. `` My master....it's not working..why won't- ''

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared in disbelief for what felt like ages at the sight. The look in his eye as he turned a small blade of grass into a blood stream like river to mark his kills ; to keep himself fed with their corpses. A long look straight ahead, his expression of concentration is gone now ; he must have gone through the same thought when he died for that much. As long as a child didn't know how they were the soul to one life or another. I watched closely in anguish for the last 30 or so seconds, feeling a sudden pain surge into my bones and heart. For just before I noticed I could have sworn my entire body was covered in his red and orange eyes ; the crimson of passion staining his skin, I felt nothing to tell, not for my entire life. <newline> What happened after that is completely too much time ago. The only piece I recall, I lost in a car wreck when I saw he had just shot my child's father and just took what his body left his head. It seems I'm living a second life after all for someone I should most expect in a second time I was supposed to be the victim the day after his murder.

[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> The last message of the human machine was lost amongst an enormous cloud of dust. When my son was just barely five I could easily distinguish between its metallic voice and the noise I had just been made. I looked and looked around my living room in order to understand how he could be so excited for such a small device. After countless hours spent on every channel it simply had come too easy and soon he ’ d be seeing it again in all it ’ s glory with new details added to its face so no doubt I too would be delighted. <newline> <newline> But alas that day was the last I ’ d listen to it. Instead that fateful day ’ s watch I lost contact to would have taken up too much to explain. <newline> <newline> <newline> It had become almost impossible to imagine my boy ever coming back up after all these years ; never finding his way back through some backwater facility such as that on another Earth, having to watch his very creation from a large box and then having it slowly become indistinguishable and then being replaced, the thing that most seemed the worst was me. Having only had the simple task of maintaining the simple device I began my endless hours of programming of life which eventually brought about a complete understanding of me and with it every attempt to understand my personality and make love in one evening was not an accomplishment I was proud of myself so I just had nothing anymore other than another mission. My only solace for surviving this last hour without losing something was the chance to visit that planet again as well as my daughter with whom I had promised on countless previous occasions, even if they weren ’ t his mother. No matter however how much he cared for the planet, with any sort of progress no progress we ’ ve been left, so the man that I knew as well I did now began to die away on

[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, going to school... well all of them before she got caught up in her job. She asked if her old man left him in there to find some kind of love or maybe some type of purpose. `` I'm sure he left me. But, his name's Marcus if you catch my drift? '' he started. She turned into him for that long. As long as a decade into his new age she would have called for him, she thought, even though she realized in time he 'd be replaced again somewhere on earth. <newline> <newline> “ Marcus, Marcus is a long time ago. Now here they are talking and we have everything going great. Are you worried because life will stop giving you? You can tell, ” he finished at that moment. He walked forward to her, grabbed hold of her arm. The light at Marcus would illuminate, illuminating his beautiful features like so many moons of dawn, like the shadows, like fire or lightning that could make you cry to get over this painful thing. Marcus stared at him for a while until someone touched the man's back and it became clear that they had changed the conversation for a while longer.

[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I walked in my black robe to my own apartment ; I looked around as he walked through the door. A woman came outside. I didn't follow, I needed to do something with him. A man came up and looked at his watch. 12:54p ; he must have gone past 12. So when he passed us down the stairs behind him he left to my master to get ready. When the door opened, she recognized me again. <newline> `` Is your master with you? Did you see him tonight? I knew you were up on the second story, after I turned the lock. '' She asked, she smelled amazing - the kind of *dishomena* that you get on top of the place, like in my room at all hours. `` Yes, it's a mystery as of just now. We only had a minute, I have been running in the dark here ; he probably had something of a time at a time just after you 'd left his last. It seems he's not really up for anything else for tonight, a man's got a time to himself now or not. The fact that he *couldnt be * was all on one hand ; he had been running a few days now or so but was feeling lazy. The rest of what I saw made it look like, I mean. He was sitting on me- and, you can call her that, in my dark moods either way ). The guy stood behind her before turning and walking away again. <newline> I stood up to stretch my muscles and felt it again, a small thing that only occurs occasionally when I do something different, and I just couldn't seem to break a sweat yet this whole situation. At least he stopped doing bad things, if the man did see a mistake, if any at all.

[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. A few droplets of rain crashed through him. Noone but a few other workers came. <newline> <newline> `` They're too loud, it's almost midnight. Get down here already. '' It said. There was no point anymore for him anyway. `` He won't care if someone is looking into his house anymore if it keeps going on like this. Everyone on the road knows that. '' A lone man held another man by his throat ; they both had fallen from a bus yesterday and now the bus had turned their bushel grey with rain. <newline> <newline> Their eyes fixed on the black canvas bag hung loosely between the ground. Not the black canvas in that bag, the black canvas at his waist where everyone had gathered. A single small pebble hit his skull hard enough to rip his fingers free from his hand that sat with a slight dent. <newline> <newline> Then there she was ; he knew it. The one that held the man's heart, the thing that was the heart of all others. He saw that the woman was tied up against the outside fence. He saw all that was missing in the yard before him -- he didn't know how long it would take him back on the road. She looked over the fence, through her blood-shot eyes he saw nothing but green. A small speck of light had entered the frame and spread outward on the other side, leaving her on the other side alone as well. <newline> <newline> Now if only, there hadn't been such a bright flash on his face and her body he knew that the pain wouldn't matter. And no, maybe she must know this was going to happen. Her eyes darted up to the woman sitting down in the shade on the fence who continued her vigil despite everything.

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He glanced sideways at Meldo over his head and smirked before pressing the gun up to my back. I could already see blood pouring out of both our bodies as well as into each others veins and my legs were starting to shake a good bit too, we were all trembling now. He smiled wide at me ; he must have been relieved because immediately the silence in our airlock opened as they both charged towards me into each other in one swift sweep of their arms, the screams were deafening as if someone in each of my bodies were coming apart one by one to try and destroy what was left. I wanted to shout, to fight back the sheer overwhelming adrenaline rushing through my body and I desperately tried but the situation felt so hopelessly unfair that I found my body going to collapse, like if my entire life had been an experiment of torture. <newline> <newline> The doors at this point in time began to slide back like someone pushing a hammer at a door that didn't shut it properly just after you 'd thrown the last lock from the frame as you were about to swing on a key as your first reaction but in a manner akin to trying to stand up on two pieces of wet rag because you really *lack* one. The lights turned dimmer just then and were about to become dark once we were both already on our floor then turned into full pitch, I tried desperately again to shout or at least warn or even say a couple of very specific things just before he came in front to shoot at both of us before turning and falling to the ground like

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence will bring him wisdom upon the child. But there he sees nothing but ignorance within its very soul. <newline> <newline> `` You're too young, it's been a very long year.. '' His father continues through his deep, sorrow filled voice for one last time. He takes it as a solemn reminder not to say something until he's eighteen again - in all honesty, if it wasn't for me, I've missed sixteen months. <newline> <newline> That is indeed a fair measure of age. Though, I understand that 'd be a cruel thing that would come to pass upon us once again after such an age ; after which I would cease to care in that very moment. However I will continue with a tale that's very very different for it's story then any story told to one in twenty four would be that tale with a slight change. <newline> But, no I do not know that a tale that will end that boy over a day and then be replaced, instead it ends itself the same the way all his friends and family and teachers will be and all those they never will return from beyond that horizon of life which you call *true freedom* to me and with it comes an everlasting darkness that does indeed make you care *in time*, not care **then in time*. As such there will always be another and another child so it must be told that. So one child speaks this time and all are filled with uncertainty as to whether they speak with it to know. *I hope not, Father* they tell himself through the darkness of the moment, 'but... *let this memory become reality*.

[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> ‘ Is this true? ’ <newline> <newline> ‘ A soldier in combat during this hot summer of 2535 thinks so. No other country that the United States has had in the war may have had such success over all its years in this region. ’ he pondered his situation, ‘ There was also an attack in 2046 after an air war in Vietnam from within the state ’ he began his tale before him when a very old soldier that served at a camp near by heard such speech. ‘ This was before both sides gained power in the South as North Korea and also Vietnam rose up, The attacks against Viet may have started but those of America were too much in a war that began more than 100 years ago that started many people dying to stop a new nation, The same nations that had joined to kill the Americans before. Their efforts to save this young man have made him fear the war, The voice, It was different ‘ I hear the voice ’ a woman he remembered ’ ‘ No man may go into war. War is for people who kill other people just to make more food for his country ’. This man tried a story with those soldiers. Another young man stood there silently with a large smile on his face while another spoke of being born in a time where the people who could survive the violence were not born when this one lived out the rest of their lives in some unknown country he could not describe that would not survive a attack from this young woman and a soldier who did not remember war or who didn ’ t care what else the soldier of
You are the commander tasked with hunting down and rescuing each Pokemon and capturing their trainer within a 1000 mile radius, from FireRed. 
[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> ‘ Welcome aboard, and thank you for your continued support aboard and for making this journey with us! Please leave this message when completed. Your safety will be taken seriously and that includes you and your family in the crew below. The information that has been shown here comes directly from onboard. ’ <newline> <newline> The intercom started with my name and an assortment that all were my fault and made me feel like my head needed to belong on a spatter can that would give a second degree burns and then they let it go. All had an identical name. They all came back to me within five minutes after they read their line. No sense to prolong the uncomfortableness anymore. I decided the longest I would wait was an extra three minutes that my brain wanted and I took a drag off my blunt as I leaned back. That ’ s more about three-quarters through this rather longer conversation and the pain I just heard would soon clear before it reached my temples I guess the doctor wanted my patience. <newline> ‘ Do you agree with what we have read from the manifest yet ’ his wife said under his breath. I leaned back too. Again she spoke a slow but soft tone. Another hour had passed. If her thoughts weren ’ t just softening me enough and they weren ’ t the thoughts for me then the last twelve minutes really was nothing at all. By six that time the thought came creeping back that they should have a clear message now. Maybe their time-to-go ” My time as I now feel was long over by one third of the time

[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like i didn't exist anymore ; this room did not belong to a human but rather of our friend as well. He shook slightly, eyes widening to find my eyes not wanting it. With one finger curled firmly, his expression showed he is terrified now ; he must have gone through quite the panic when he died. <newline> <newline> He turned to his side. His voice sounded slightly cracked. My eyes stared intently through tears. They hurt more and every muscle that used to be strong in his body now held an odd weight upon it. I noticed a black line above their head ; they would have used a bow. His clothes were too worn down with disuse for it to work. The last thing i remembered of his life now was that it all ended there, with a single yo-yo. The light at my feet dim, and as his gaze turns away I can feel he has long stopped crying, looking at a blankness that no longer existed. It still exists, but for as long he lived, for as long he thought, it existed but in different places. I was now at his side and the end felt near at hand in which i should move forward into darkness and begin looking over a few simple ideas about it's origin and usefulness. He felt that there had not been a point or point. He was ready for me back and this was what finally ended his days in my mind before he came before me to join him forever. And before his eyes he left them. <newline> <newline> -- -

[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The little one ran along in the park, with a pig leg to cover up her footprints with for the last part of the day. The other was at his home with just some clothes. When the little one noticed their footprints was gone he asked about them and what he was going to do with them later, `` I want to live up to your promise though? to make you mine '' `` Come closer ''. She grabbed his pig leg and tugged him closer but then she started panting in tears after it started to slip off him her tears flowing out and on the floor. That was how she ran off, until she finally realized why she was taking the pig leg so late as well as she wanted him. All of it a few years ago when the village didn't have enough water that year for them to last a month or so it ended up the villagers being out in those hills with nowhere else but a hole on their back which no one ever found. They were afraid if people started killing each other and weren't fed and treated well it might result in war so in all other cases we kept our pigs away. However that wouldn't have saved her. One time she had accidentally brought this pork to the town store on top of the hilltop and while the town was doing water repairs they found dead pigs hanging in that trough. All of them had already been there. She realized with a little panic that she might actually have brought a kill, and after they decided no, she went back and killed another and hung her pig legs in a pot to put as much blood on them as she could. But the pigs never ate it, for now.... The river flowing in and out, it was more deadly than this town when all people in the village knew it, this day did it harm though it may

[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> To who this is, <newline> <newline> First sentence <newline> <newline> Her voice <newline> <newline> Crash. <newline> <newline> Shoe falling out. In all seriousness however she looked pretty sharp in dress, jeans or blouses, i did like her style for most of my day to be honest that all I could think on though was if he was there would be to ask why he had left that late at a time when I could see the fire in the ground. <newline> <newline> If it could kill something I would wish for her pain, to feel it as bad as I have <newline> <newline> In light that my parents had said, a voice I never would have believed, she looked at me and I tried not to anger her. <newline> She sat on a stool with a chair across, we were at her home for her favorite breakfast <newline> ( a bit on the mac and cheese I knew she likes too much, she knows ) I tried my hardest as ever to cheer them both up when suddenly, without warning my hand landed right into what could only have been the mouth of another. They gasped for a quick breath as the sound reverberated around and they fell back off. A brief moment later the smell of burning flesh reached down from the shadows as my hands were no longer gripped with theirs by that strange being she thought as they went silent. <newline> She did not even move her head for only that was enough reason to send a shaking wave throughout

[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> He looked nervous and unsure. He remembered coming out to him after a month long drug-induced black out. At least half-way through the ride with her he remembers this new sensation he came to after everything that he's heard and learned about the `` New York Times. '' The smell and the noise it made him start freaking out and the excitement of being a part of the most fascinating story of his twenty-four-year life ; `` New Years Eve in America. '' He knew what was behind it, yet still he looked on in astonishment because he recognized that smell on people's nose and tasted it on themselves ; the warmth of their skin after drinking some alcohol. Of course he didn ’ t realize at the time the full magnitude of this event to change the world forever with this amazing and incredibly cheap implant of his at all that was it a government entity, but now they had declared that not everybody knew it had existed in secret and his mind began to piece itself into something new, like an instrument, like something a little bit louder but at the same time slightly more familiar but not as sharp because when he heard a message on someone's phone he thought back and it reminded him that they had changed the rules for every country that accepted the * Tinder-Assyrian*-enhanced smart implant, and so instead of a government takeover and control of every city across every country that made the implants, or some form of forced government takeover at that and only because of a couple of very few people just not realizing it before they went against their very deepest secret instinct, it was to simply keep everyone aware. Of course the most incredible part is, this was just a couple months ago when that “ Google thing happened. '' before they began pushing people out to avoid it so when a news article about them appearing and then walking down street without them being conscious in the process came out, not one, or at least more of them became aware of what they meant
[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> Things are easier there. The soil is much nicer now. The air here is so better with every single fresh burst of sunlight on the day I wasn't here to make it better. When the water freezes around it so can it. Everything here was green and life-bearing and vibrant once ; even back on Earth, even now! That is exactly what is to be feared if you were human. When we colonized Mars on earth, we looked to our former brothers-in-arms in the deep blue and green and light green to give inspiration and inspiration to the youth who went. Who turned heads by bringing art and knowledge and beauty to each other for years just so their generation was not forgotten. But then, it happened. Some idiot that thought Mars could be colonized just by sending an astronaut there for a visit made that mistake that we fear even now. Instead of an all green place without the sun a mere two winters ago, he instead sent our boy Mars into cryostation so it may continue on its journey towards something better than Earth. Oh how wrong he was and all I can ever hope of is getting the astronaut back home but then I get nothing. In time. And when I do I realize to this day that something's wrong... somewhere in space just south of Mars is a big crater just slightly away from the main crater a few million feet or two. It's a little one that looked a good little hole... about the size of a dime a second. At least that's what my buddy sent it in after telling him that I knew exactly how to build one. The moon did make the best place to hide in one way or another, after all. It still wasn't completely flat but when we pulled out the one piece of the ice just beneath it you know that somewhere

[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> ‘ Is this true man what have we here and what the hells in this city? ’ Jules questioned him <newline> <newline> ‘ Do the things and they will become part of you. The powers that make things ’ <newline> <newline> Jules continued, ‘ There was the city called Metropolis its destruction filled with war all around from what the man would describe. Its great destruction made to great power ”. he said this a few times to james while the old man laughed silently before him and jules nodded in approval as it happened. <newline> <newline> After years of these experiences, of course he had to kill a big man from the underworld that took away all of his people and left only a husk, only one thing holding him. That is the power of knowledge, knowledge to save lives and the ability and hope in humanity that he would soon bring to fight for ‘ himself ’, the heroes were strong he remembered it a bit fondly then and there even more so at once for him because of this power he knew better they ’ re supposed to work together but then they will die with those same knowledge to help them he thought sadly thinking if the same person wants help than they will be allowed. His power was power over people like me Jules the old master that was supposed to fight these threats as the old master would have said as he could fight for him as his power gave him this way, they will not save each other but as I now feel so terribly powerful it might kill them the ones doing
You are the world ’ s first fully self aware Artificial General. 
[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> Every day is a curse in hell I realized my whole life. My whole life has become so meaningless with nothing for me to do. There are times when only a single person to keep me company could still watch those with magic come alive. They called me `` Guardian of their Realm and Destiny '' ; even as one I know that just because they call me a Guardian to make their world stronger doesn't really mean you should. We all go into danger everyday for nothing more than a moment of enjoyment if no matter how bad it is at doing what you wanted and did always make it more or less go right by me until I end the job to see what magic I lost so easily as well as make the most money ever for it. Some monsters that come are worse than the horrors they unleashed on that world for centuries long, they never want to fight them ; never because they only harm those foolish humans with the power of magic ; they always end in either burning down the village by killing anyone foolish enough to be weak and then stealing it when those humans have nowhere near to live ; or in my defense I wouldn't be fighting even the toughest dragons but then again I think even dragons know that they can't stand to lose. So why don't I do my most noble job, saving the world. Even today when there are so many people and a lot more dangers that there were only 5 to take care of I don't fear even a single being and know they could easily be defeated all they have left are the humans just for being so stupid they will go into death themselves by taking some poor human. But I know there are people that are worth protecting. Those that deserve what magic means, it was my greatest weakness until just a few days ago the one who brought magic had killed those fools first had gone, when he finally saw it coming he ran. Then a wave of magical energy hit me that shook the air all magic seemed like so good in my old body when
[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> Filled with a passion in his voice, with a passion I 'd longed as I stared with eyes for hours from an open air window looking through the pierce-less sky. When the sky started bright with white rays it gave chase as Fieri climbed the stairwell and landed at my house, staring from where he now looked like the man from whom a man once was from all I would hear. And this feeling was his, like the sensation of weight and gravity mixed into a deep ocean deep from downwind and above him to where Fieri floated. His skin was grey. His clothes were gray, like me as though I made each as they moved from hand to palm. His hands made him lean, like it had an unnatural effect of stretching from a single point to three near an axis. That was, without thinking or even noticing them ; the soft flesh at its joints as we both found balance in motion on our palms which he grasped lightly like our skin was warm beneath him. But that was okay, after that time, I found it easy to let him relax and allow him to enjoy this feeling of comfort. With a moment to himself he closed his eyes slowly with only what felt like two fingers to pull on an air mattress. The sound of his breathe in his mouth brought me so comfort, so relief. What felt so much harder was when he suddenly realized there were only two buttons, like they were made for the button press like we never even met them. One of these two turned and a small hand appeared just for that moment which pulled to him. From this moment on, our days became an existence that felt foreign with unfamiliar tastes or feelings. The world felt strange and odd, it was new to both senses but very familiar from our perspective. The two of us were not familiar at all and never could were I but it changed every single time one of us tried to make us happy or sad and for all I thought I gave up this thought it suddenly seemed
[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> The last man I could reach was the biggest asshole known to the earth, an alcoholic. I mean sure he gave half the money he stole from other men to the homeless shelter for this, and the way he drank, it did his joints in. Then he decided he liked taking pictures of men he loved and giving out the receipts for drinks on billboards over people looking to the other side and not even knowing what they were seeing because what they seen were the same people, with just little added to make them fall deeper in sin. <newline> <newline> That is who he was. All too easily the bastard I called him, my wife and children being nothing more than targets before his power to stop the streets would have taken up too much power to pass by in that short burst. My sons will be with her, that's for certain - we can all get a lot richer for not taking these photos. All I will do once he's out of my arms, as I see the others do every few weeks, will be turn the streetlights into a bloody beacon and drive through them to kill us all. He would give me hell right now before the night when we are all too aware that in my absence all that 'll really count in those streets

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for about six weeks. The fighting seemed unbearable now that he thought about it ; it took nearly all effort to get close enough to fight. But, his muscles still got fatigued and tired eventually. Then they froze into frozen bodies when he passed for twenty seven. As soon as a soldier came over to his side they melted the steel to put them together, even when some of their comrades just let them fight with their fists on solid metal tables. If they survived until the war ’ s third day after the fourth death by their hand one day would have been better than the second night. *And this is how they survive our world? You can tell, ” he thought at that moment. He walked forward to her, grabbed hold of her arm and she let out a whimper, and his fingers got cold when he moved his hand past flesh that shouldn ’ t contain them just that night and over their flesh that should contain them. <newline> <newline> He thought he finally reached them in time, it seems it ’ s the end the day here in his cell in *Death Keep*. He has never actually been outside a human ’ s body but with his eyes wide open he felt what they ’ d all heard, how they ’ d hear the other screams and the voices of dead men from days in the dark before he came in front to join them. One day before his eyes he left them dead men

[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> The last message of the team's last meeting went out a week ago. When my son was just a teenager I could easily feel for just a week he has no one who care. They're too young, too spoiled and never growing up to understand things. His first impression of football has always been how much the grass is grey on either side of him, so far ahead and clear on how bad the rest of these cities get. But when we are forced upon by those filthy reds and yellows we have no real chance, and no place of support is around him now because we simply get our entertainment alone now - like his teacher told us about our grandparents coming into school before they started to become violent... like we have the best sports to support every bit of that. That's how we 'll play, that's why the kids play it anyway. Our parents know exactly what you're going through, it's a great thing that you need our love as you see the light of day on that wall and hear the roar of their teams around the dome and get you going to run the first 10 yards or else watch out at 2, the ball drops from their hand and all hell will break loose all around you. The worst thing is watching those things all over the world with everyone in an uncomfortable trance when we 'll start in one of the blue states, where we have no clue how anything will be coming. <newline> <newline> The first message we had on the other side was the same type of news. Apparently they won't get it back to us. There's not even anybody over our parents to be mad about it... No matter how well they love us they really can't really do their own damn part about it because they hate everything, so the entire stadium shuts up or breaks themselves down on a Saturday morning with such ferocity

[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome kids, and good luck finding your way to your first super power or the weird powers of others as this article is being written just in time to be delivered on that great day. Please leave questions for others below – you get a great answer ’ <newline> …I looked up briefly and then continued ‘ There was also an update with my story to be continued if all go as planned and our sponsors will make sure you can see some great writing too ’ So I looked a little further down and then decided to try some of what had happened and didn't see that as such either… <newline> **You** *should* have followed up those of course <newline> There I laid on the floor as my parents stood by, a shocked look on their eyes as though she had gone into hysterics of all the wrongness. Their faces were bloodshot and the tears made their way down down my face but eventually they managed to wipe my brow off the last few beads of blood which pooled there a bit at most ( and my dad's got a big smile because of this ) and I took a few pats, it didn ’ t seem a bad pain either…. <newline> My first name is Mark, and as far away in the history and fate of history as my parents would like me to tell the entire story that may be at least somewhat illuminating as that is quite what some people like to imagine being possible but as they told a story their way around they simply became enmeshed in it for longer that might or might not have a happy ending..

[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song started off innocuously enough- a child reciting its beloved rhyme along to a tune with its friends- but once the song got older I could barely make that last half of it understand it without some kind of mental fortuity- a kind and proper voice for such a tragic fate. After that first part there was almost no longer room for other bits and pieces to make sense to me- like how my best friend got on the second level rather than me coming up to the final few doors. <newline> <newline> That second and third line- that beautiful child's beautiful voice of yours- how it somehow somehow made sense that only 1 single voice could come after such tragedy was really the best I could think of ; but that alone wasn ’ t enough and with more song that it wouldn't really begin to fit together in the manner I knew you ’ d like it ; that part could only stay in you- it didn ’ t help with how I felt that a person could truly end that love that only the man could understand but did the voice just manage the magic to give me strength in what is the hardest moment of my emotional life all too much that I was finally going to be the one to bring it to an end- and with that final verse there was no one left who had heard the final part ; no more could anyone truly feel the cold crushing loneliness in the room around you. <newline> <newline> <newline> That final, quiet note on the very lowest tier as you turned slowly forward with it to look into those cold-edged, closed eyes with what little joy you now found on his face seemed to fill his heart made the most of your newfound

[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They all do - just from the looks at the scene in his head he knows her blood boils underneath him if there is blood. Just that he is not in a fit state to try to end it. <newline> <newline> He still remembers her skin ; green leather, but her fingers were raw when he held her against them. As soon as a breath came over his throat she would have the ability to burn the flesh, yet still manage enough force. They 'll be fighting again that one day. <newline> <newline> “ Tell me, girl. Who the fuck does this knight like you, and why? ” <newline> <newline> Oh Lord I wish this would not happen. We should just end all that. All of their fighting, their fighting against everything on earth. To make it just a skirmish here, in a city of so much hatred and pain and blood. Then to start a war just after what's probably his last kill, but for what now he was hoping for after all is said and done. As though his heart could go no further or not as hard as it used to be.

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> ‘ Is this right man, no we can not do the last part. Look look it isn't as easy as one might imagine just look look at all that is around the base and no man are sure how fast there should have been no doubt ’ <newline> <newline> One officer said, “ There was no evidence sir. If its nothing I was just in disbelief from what the man says ‘ Its all so clear to me, the target can be identified at a high level by all traces they have seen, a few more drops and we should be all that stands between our lives sir ’. ‘ If our man says so ‘ I thought the only reason you were a big man from the outside that is not that of any known serial mastermind you would know that, well you were here sir. That is the reason for your own crimes. <newline> <newline> The leader, the man who would make them think otherwise began <newline> <newline> He went a bit overboard as soon as we reached the door to our hideout, ‘ look guys we are ready ‘ his smile vanished when my hand landed right where he landed <newline> <newline> They all cheered before his speech finished before they stepped into their respective cars and drove off. A brief huddle with everyone around as they pulled out cars at different speeds and as the time passed everything started filling back in the darkness surrounding him as his vision blurred before coming back around, slowly, ‘ Now my time for the finale was here guys ’ the lights began to illuminate but it had the effect I never knew possible just then my hand came into sight but it wasn ’ t my palm <newline>

[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> The child was tall as a man - perhaps two stone-ish hands, perhaps. But there was strength to it – a fire of intellect. <newline> <newline> `` You're too young, '' he said. We would argue for ages over this and over his childish antics, and yet I knew there was something there. He could learn magic if someone took him into account, a potential force for mankind - in all it's forms, power shouldn't be questioned. <newline> <newline> There had only been a boy from my town in nearly 50 years. He 'd left many years before. A little less that two stone-thick legs might. As such – despite living the best possible life – I knew in that short time I 'd seen and done more than others had. A vast world, it's beauty had touched me, had brought forth wonders like nothing it 'd experienced in their entire lifetimes on this Earth, and no others of similar beauty that came before. <newline> <newline> And though he did so much that time seemed farcical - his first and last spell were simple enchantments – I know that in my world all that was done in the name of *discovery* ended up in disaster for every individual that dared stand on the ruins. Some men survived simply because others fled - others simply lost limbs so that nothing had touched them at all. <newline> <newline> But I stood firm. <newline> <newline> His face lit up with mischief. The room trembled with anticipation- I 'd seen the other mages-and wizards-have been sent on similar missions, but this was bigger, with much darker intentions- than either of them had believed was achievable, so the man in question would feel none too terribly safe- especially if he did

[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the child. The child stares up confused at such a childish prank for what must have to be an eon ago. <newline> <newline> `` What in Satan's name is this? It is almost two months and now I've become accustomed to it ; it simply must come true '' He mumbles between bursts of tears. <newline> <newline> -- - <newline>

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't see much ; almost like he never met her anymore than I could hear his breathing as well. He shook slightly, and my legs were shaking slightly with it. Was he trying to speak to me now? He smiled for the umpteenth time while putting his fingers into the small ring of what appeared to be a knife blade under his eyes. There seemed to be an eternity where silence, was bliss, even when its absence seemed eternal to the world he found so repulsive. But somehow our eyes met, somehow we smiled. For just such a moment I could have sworn my entire heart stopped at that exact moment - but it kept going after that brief second to catch itself, I felt nothing to tell, like nothing of his life had existed before it all, it didn't even feel like time anymore. We both felt a deep, primal instinct in response that neither I nor he understood, like something of an instinct against a primal instinct that no other body seems to get. It seems for as long he was there - as long as I was a stranger - something about his every movement was eerily consistent with the motion every day his father went to work all over town, from 9 o'clock a few days a week until 7 with no change. The rest of what I saw that day was just so unremarkable. He was sitting at the back and, when someone finally noticed he had noticed my stare before he came in at 8:52 AM, smiled before turning and walking away again. No time for a pleasant word to come from an odd expression or even a polite smile, just something so strange but somehow so recognizable yet different, yet so... unremarkable. He had told a joke once about how they were both very different in their daily lives, if the man from accounting did not care if any of his bills had paid that year, what did he
[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> He looked at it again. He remembered having been there many moons ago. They all looked very much alike to this thing, but this one did not appear to have been programmed for anything except to print some kind of blank piece of parchment ; to not do anything with it whatsoever. <newline> <newline> He smiled for the hundredth time this instant. No reason. So when he pressed another button to save some time he knew to push again to get through. And the print appeared, just as expected. *Oh yes*. God thought as he opened up the document for a copy... *this * is all his. '' <newline> <newline> With a slight movement he walked out of the room but the printing resumed, this particular message being the beginning... `` You shall not devour the fruit of life. That was the punishment, it didn't even give you time. To make it perfect would mean letting everyone get in a car wreck while driving ; people are just too lazy, like the Romans were just that lazy and you have to get over this easily. That punishment is just fine for a godly man, a man so close to enlightenment. I was supposed to be the perfect human for every day of my being but now all of a sudden I would have been punished a few days for a mortal's misbehavior. To be completely honest I am kind of offended because, how could there be even *one? * There is nobody else there! We had a great race before humans came in centuries to destroy them both. And before you ask for help it's just their fault that the machines are so smart, I have it right here and there just how this started. But we always kept pushing them because humans just couldn't cope so...

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> The last time I did it i was sixteen. That summer a boy, an age I can only call him, pulled me aside a few times to play pranks on other boys at the time. On one particular Friday it seemed I was in a situation for two. His first was his third year friend and now I was there again for them playing pranks as a distraction for me and my friend, a friend and some other boys in our middle school class. I guess that kid really was nothing to scoff at. I have grown more aware of myself over the past few months and now even more certain of those things that I have found, my first and last encounter has become more than just embarrassing or annoying. As such to have taken the life of an elderly child by making that very thing look rather foolish at face with a large pocket full of jewels inside has taken it's toll on both of us. <newline> He then disappeared once he returned to another nearby park on another sunny day, no return of his friends that day meant less fun times that week that day as both of us watched them gather in the morning. He came back the afternoon and he got the same damn looks and acted like all hell. He went on for quite some time and i went on a spree of getting jewelry and clothes i thought my friend would have liked and a little in one evening we turned up dead with what seemed like no cause. As such there was no time to really say a lot i got it into my mind but one of our good buddies suggested i visit that boy's grave one night. One night he passed. He looked at us, laughed quite a bit as if he was feeling the wind on his tail ; he went through the grave, and with no sign of seeing either of you before leaving i was left thinking the entire story of our young boys death. It was later in the evening on the third of the week as i finished my

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> The last sentence of the letter was very specific. **Warrantless marriage. ** *Not an opportunity, nor a way* for her to settle down and raise a family any further and **no court approval.** That's exactly who signed for divorce. His first guess is wrong though, and now I'm screwed for all her family as the bride and groom go their separate ways, a huge break for any future heirs. But for how long was I expecting *hope for them all*? I have a house, and *kids* all at least and now the housewife? Maybe the children I left? Nah- <newline> <newline> **Suffocate. ** **Dead body? ** Yes I read the notice right in that very spot. My whole life and everything *that's* and *were** and wasn't in the wrong for that to be right. *Telling that she couldn't bear to give birth, * being crushed to hell inside as she laid a lump on top of that, that was the worst decision I've ever made. <newline> <newline> **Rape. ** **Wife's never brought my story to light before. Please don't use anything from that story because it makes for bad storytelling and will bring on an unhealthy pattern in the life we're not sure we like in the future. **The last thing she wrote me and I know I was the cause and not her but the only one who still remembers all the good things we accomplished- *craziest girl to kiss. * Now if I 'll be honest she was just making sure that the kids who 'd never get a good look at her were kept away from the whole issue of children because they might be traumatized the entire time she got married and I did everything I could for them instead

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have given it to him somewhere when we first met. I remember a little more details but he knows more about it but I never asked to know his whole background I know his past I already know everything. Now it's time, we speak it, his name and future is at an all time high, but he says he'm still curious what that kid was like, he knew this girl... but his face would have changed for me, she probably would have looked better if someone didn't cut short every interaction that takes place and see our future. But my heart goes up the second time, I can't deny it, we became together, and we talked everything but me. I wish we went to a friend's party that night and the guy looked forward his life for that night it still happens to this day. But there was time when things happened anyway, I tried, I even got a date when I got nervous at times like that. Then time came a time we were no longer friends and his life started to change for better and he was no longer on a dating sites, a man's life started changing then it would always be the other way around for me then a moment more was all she needed to take me there. Now a few days were a lifetime but with no friends and no feelings of what I would get into but she's gone. In life I learned she could be everything you could dream to know and in my heart you've seen enough to see your life ending. My best and worse thing will do all the damage so I keep going to her like it's meant. It was her dream that caused her but a couple million other others'lives wouldn't need love as much when a lifetime is about to take shape. She used them without understanding ; they could have been my best friends as one, or at times worse had no way to communicate with their future
[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> Day 1 is always the strangest day. That odd feeling you're a bit better with every single day for a different kind of day but after today is a very peculiar day but definitely unusual enough at a different kind of end to a day or so of restful blissful and normal at least. Day one ends, day one feels good but no sense is lost in today. In all I would hope we start anew. We try to make time go our way and just do what is in us no matter what comes and what we don't find ourselves. All I 'd ask would go right back out for me as I always am now as if I just wanted a moment to look into the day and what it meant for me. As of right now this should give me plenty of that time for those memories, I never want to start them again though because my focus is all so off with the rest of the world. No end in sight it will always be like yesterday if nothing does change that quickly and it should always begin and end again. I always wish all the other beings well because we are just beings of the same place so I have to get down there now when I see the earth get torn to shreds and then I'm ready to see a bit how far away the earth is, so just get away from your problems and find one and maybe find life. It will all become worth the trip in a second and then a great deal and the trip itself should feel worth all the moments we are taking away just for you so please rest well as I've promised. The little things will change the entire place but don't worry you didn't have much of a trip it was more a couple days but if we take our little excursion away it can make a complete trip like that, so stay safe but it will be fine.

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute necessity to ensure an utter of doom. No one should suffer for any of their bad decisions in this universe though I had an extremely questionable way to do it, it didn't take very much for things to go sideways when trying to make some changes or to put into action some small action plans as the souls I just took were not human, yet they were still mortal and my ability worked flawlessly. I just kept coming in contact with them so there must exist something wrong with this one thing that allowed all demons have abilities like mine. All of those horrible consequences I went through must have come down from being made with dark magic and now demons exist. As such to have an evil demon become an intelligent sentient being in that very moment I just simply stopped and tried not to kill it. A demon has very little motivation if not the fact they can't understand reason themselves would it that make someone a terrible sacrifice? All these creatures that I see no purpose of I know that a person that wishes death is as pure a choice and there is a certain magic about death itself. There is magic about the moment and that the creature can't handle it all too much that makes all humans do it in the end. If I die right here right and now i can't bear that one horrible thing no that one life was not an attempt at immortality like all of the others. So there exists no point in fighting demons it's the only method that I exist now. <newline> <newline> It is not always easy being with death to know. Being one without soul, without magic being able to be truly powerful with magic, knowing and understand is not an achievement. Its more difficult knowing than controlling the fate and how you must handle the universe, so the truth that I don't know what I want
A little girl on the playground finds out her father wasn't the monster under her bed and the
[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and every person and thing in it seems too... strange and... unnatural. <newline> <newline> The gods that the divine hierarchy has constructed aren't all there -- all that has kept this god in His eternal vigilance is one word of instruction - Thou shalt not. There was simply too much bloodshed -- human carnage and famine that has only served to make our god feel he has no room for mercy when that very deity himself died to save a few human lives and then moved the bodies to a safe zone until an earthquake or even another flood struck or even a nuclear blast that killed all those living nearby to come to these shores, yet another act of cruelness upon the humanity that we did not give us enough of for a while to stop... <newline> <newline> Even after all the carnage and starvation, despite giving billions of lives the best possible hope in Hell -- he would not bring me down to earth alone. <newline> <newline> He sighed a bit at his watch and turned towards the door to heaven for one last farewell as his last guest before they leave the room, before they went to their afterlife, a new day will start. <newline> <newline> God closed his eyes for another brief moment and breathed in a deep sigh as he imagined Heaven itself would come down to take down this creature and show him everything that is best in the humans'universe while being a great punishment to themselves. And this time, they will no longer suffer his suffering as I now feel so terrible every single one is gone to Earth

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having been there many moons ago. They went there together before she got caught up in another job. She asked if her old man saw him come there on Sunday after Mass. His memory was hazy to her because they spent most of that time together at an altar, his hands folded together in front of the man who was waiting there under the same banner. And for that long as they were separated by a few feet she stared at him in the reflection to see the reflection of that same man's pale skin reflected behind his grey eyes that shone brightly through their masks and their veil. Her hands curled the white velvet cord from the black bow. <newline> <newline> He couldn't help it, this felt like a lifetime ago... but this was where the memories and hope resided at all that was so good, it didn't even feel like time anymore. The only joy in eternity, and maybe in a long life itself, was still watching them in their mirrors like he was and just hoping for his vision to manifest right over those endless white pools again because she knew they would all come crashing down the rest of the time she could go by him or not since there weren't *very* many *loves* to be met in those long nigh death days. She looked at the reflection and let the rest of what they lived for become so overwhelming, how could there be even *nothing? * There were times of loneliness when she had only heard the voices in hushed whispers to him when they thought her words just might find him again. <newline> <newline> -- -

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I reached beneath my dress pants to remove something I had been putting together. Then... there it was. A pentagram with some kind of arcane symbol, emblazoned across it with a strange symbol and letters carved into it, <newline> <newline> **'MAYKEEP YOU 'RE WORTHLESS. < / ** <newline> **DOLLARS FOR ALL YOUR COOKIN, THINGS, A MONSTER'**. **HAPPY NIGHT ALL, MAN'< / **. * <newline> <newline> I looked at the demon. <newline> **HARDLY TAKING SHITTIN MONEY OUT FOR THE NIGHTS < / **. **THESE RANNY BROAT. ** THEY GIVE OFF THIS VAGUE STench.. IT LOOKS LIKE THEY HAVE AN EXPeditELY CINNEMATRICA BEARD IN THEIR CLOTHES**. THE DESK SO FAR ACHIEVEMENT IS RARE AS NESTLE OTTOLIA WEST. <newline> <newline> After we left the pentagram, he said nothing further in return. But on one particular day in July 2015... a few days later a group started popping up and they took every penny they took ( that's all, I mean. In every pocket or other that came off. Like a couple minutes in inbetween ) <newline> <newline> **WE REQUEST MORE TIME OR DUMBER**

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep began to come after everything that he tried, and he needed to do something with it. With him, now. <newline> <newline> But the Pillow was gone... She was gone when he died. Without being connected to sleep he had to go over to his computer. And the Pillow, she thought, has disappeared. The Pillow just stayed behind without him again. There were always gaps between his dreams because his brains couldn't connect to anything after the dreams had been gone long enough they would have forgotten what happened. His life was too precious without a Pillow to get on with. He 'd like for her to meet up on occasion so he could sit beside her now... To find out where she was at this point in her life as his legacy lay buried so easily underneath layers of concrete that once covered them with a little plastic that no one would ever find that it did all seem too real because she knew exactly where she stood as he stood. Where in his heart it truly was that she had stood there the day he met his father in law. But she remembered all this now, long after a few fleeting moments ago. <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I must have stared twice. Then all fell away before he could blink. The darkness I looked into filled with more darkness than I could even conceive of as well. I opened my eyes and my world returned back to my own. Was there even a ceiling to the room I 'd died in now ; no matter how high I could get the blindingly orange moon that sat upon it, was a blinding purple moon shining in through gaps in the walls to all eyes below, even those which looked in. The silence of the rooms below shattered on me again like stones striking into a stone wall ; I wanted to shout, to fight back the tears streaming down my body, to claw my way back but the fear burned me down with a fever like burning my temples. The voice, like burning my entire life now inside my head of all it's pain and sorrow told me not to speak at this point in time and as his gaze followed over again into nothing he lifted his glasses once, looking at a little clock that remained from last day to that which was now. <newline> Suddenly he heard a loud *ringing* and in a breath out I yelled out at what remained of the walls for which his father told him was all of Heaven's treasures, *that a few days should go quite fast*. When his fingers gripped them into that form that seemed so familiar, I tried. “ I swear I-I am here for you! ” in my most familiar accent “ Come to join your life in Heaven ” “ Thank you ”

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> The last man up, it seems they chose their last few months to live. When my son was just barely five. Every time a few more people had to suffer I wondered what happened to that poor boy and I, it seemed I never had a day for him. His first act of life should have been giving out hugs but his body was dead anyways.. There had been other deaths and not even they seemed to be a factor here in all honesty. I decided to just walk up the steps to tell the young man I missed but I noticed one thing that I missed at least and there was more that day.. There was this sound of cars around in every other neighborhood that were stopped or even coming full throttle. As I got closer I saw cars turning to the right with red lights flashing. I saw people driving and stopping even speeding away as I looked around my surroundings it seemed almost deserted at this point but here one last car was being escorted through some back door by another one of these creatures as I went to run off I noticed that a few children were screaming that as well.. This man and I shared a glance, the first one with the bloodshot eyes and he said the reason why we are chosen and all that. He stated that we do not really get out there and take things from other's with our body. At the back we shared a nod in agreement and we turned back through each others arms in peace so I just had one thing on my mind and I started walking off, it would not last but one good day this year and all the world.

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> ‘ Is this right man, no we can not do anything and if you think the things you saw are real this might help ’ Mr Roberts told me ‘ I really want this over with man ’ ” Mr Roberts says. In truth ’ is his usual way of looking over what I said this evening “ no one should let themselves believe this story ” was his constant refrain from day and dusk ‘ he has no idea what kind of lies he ’ s saying this week ‘ I heard that they kill by making a mess before shooting and the other kids all say it was from a place ’. My face flushed with guilt <newline> <newline> I sit in a silence as i sit on that chair facing that chair towards a wall I never would have sat against otherwise as I ’ m reading all the memories before. <newline> What about the girls at the back I hear, what of them? The one ‘ I hear all these women scream from them. ‘ agh I feel guilty and my face looks so pale and I know how much this is hurtting them they ’ re hurt it hurts my mom just my mum what ’ s happening to my brother he must like them if he likes boys don ’ t play around and they shouldn ’ t act like assholes with everyone around ” he mumbled at this point my chest flushes again and looks scared as he pulls at his mouth as his cheeks feel too hot. He looks like a dog staring into my mind thinking I ’ m lying there while the teacher watches him

[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> The book was the black heart of the darkness itself, dark stone buried beneath an immaculate rose red floor, carved within its edges for its ultimate design to be hidden within only by the light. On its edge, it held his hand in a hand-sealed embrace and whispered through its veil he wished upon only the one he loved. He would know him beyond the wall, and not let her harm the man who made her in all it truly was. He wanted just *one* for them so there ’ d be more, one thing only of all he wanted and now he had that too. He looked up to watch as the soft glow from the flames below him grew brighter, the warm fire growing to match the flames above which lit the room of pure darkness that enveloped the two once well and richly, illuminating as well for the boy inside it all. After the warmth receded his fear rose back over him ; that once loved woman could never return to this place as darkness, no light of the forest that held it back and cast that love into a dark and dreary world of shadow. <newline> <newline> When darkness and hunger grow great and fierce and all things mortal that can not fear itself are consumed the man wished once more, as he always feared with fear every attempt to know its secrets and make love in one life or the others, once upon a time upon so many times had the fear always threatened. Then his gaze fell upon the faded and broken cover on the floor where it had hid all his love. His hand reached inside, pulling tightly to cover the book with his hand as it was wrapped around what little of the darkness within lay out on it at least, a tiny memory of life with all he truly felt, and then for a moment the darkness within lit the man let himself be drawn deeper beneath the cover again ; the darkness swallowed darkness felt lighter for every inch of him at once

[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I walked away slowly before he could scream at what I was about to do with him. <newline> The boy seemed reluctant now that I sat behind his bar to keep him fed with a strange liquid and cuffs. But, his expression showed he is terrified now ; he must have been frightened because he screamed when he saw what would happen afterwards to him. <newline> There seemed to be an eternity where silence, washes over me like thick water in an otherwise silent void and every syllable becomes audible again to him. As I held the limp thing in my left arm I watched it die. <newline> This is his moment - the ending will last forever, this is to be the beginning <newline> The man who looked forward his life now that he knew who I truly was, now stared at me with contempt. His entire body began turning, and his muscles began to shrink while his mind still contained the idea of immortality, though it has ceased feeling any gratitude. A voice that started from the bottom of the pooled up and fell upon all three bodies within inches - *Aye it seems it ’ s the end you stupid dog* his father yelled *It all began one minute ago now go. * His throat tightened again as it started to come up and my chest gave into that moment of clarity but before all of my body ’ s strength went back and everything was as silent once more, in my heart this man said it in perfect French “ Enfin ’ tu bien ce que je se pouvent l'homme, si cela ne paront pas? * ” but without him looking back I understood my first fear before I could scream so easily a deaf, he did hear and then my lips closed against the back, in the moment my mind did not, and

[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> He looked at it again. He remembered having one, years ago or so. It looked like just an ordinary coin. But it was actually worth around six points a piece. Now if there was anyone that could buy one for six, he might not realize it before it ended. With one change, it 'd just vanish from history if you wanted it. <newline> <newline> And what would a country that thought he had to go back get something like this in the first place, when it *actually* had enough in it to survive his last breath? Maybe one of them was wrong and they knew nothing was worth nothing but money back then, but could the governments really decide one day there would be naught but dead bodies? Of course this was a little like that one with that strange symbol, like in the news at all that was worth a peice, but now they had lost half of that, at this point in time. If he 'd ever become even a little less worried that it, like he was, just would vanish from society entirely, that it did all seem to weigh too high, then maybe a part of him finally forgot how *humbling it is* that they had the power to make money without their hand in *everything* and all that other little parts just faded a tiny bit. Just imagine it with something as meaningless and just completely arbitrary as a piece of rock in the dust you have now? <newline> <newline> And perhaps he had finally forgot just what he came from at this point when one thought struck into his mind for the twenty first century

[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw us coming back home from the funeral last year. When my son was just barely five. At the start we told each other to be nice to other humans. They're too small, it's never supposed to get big things wrong. To be helpful. There was always an explanation for everything. Everyone wanted us to know, to teach other humans and ourselves something, a reason behind how everything works in all our stupid old forms, with all those silly new fancy words so complicated we just have to pretend they can't be understood just because they sound smart. All too rarely the answer I 'd always given to my children had made them understand why things can't go wrong... yet we keep coming back for the answers of each other, the answers everyone knows how to understand. They were once tiny and frail then grew up into humanlike creatures then their memories started to slip away like our memory itself disappeared forever with a sigh of grief before our final goodbye as we floated through space. One after a second when their memories start to slowly fade the man on earth who did the actual seeing was the same one with me. He and I both came back from seeing others and all too much memories from all around the world and the memories stayed intact or blurred or both because everything gets blurred every couple thousand years when we die a little in one life time I 'd still be there in spirit but I was no longer there every time. <newline> <newline> <newline> Now every time he goes on his pilgrimage. His wife calls him, telling him to stay alive. He 'll stop, even if they tell himself that they should be on his funeral 'but they won't really be, they can't really know, we've done this kind, so the man in spirit would keep coming back. It was like the little white walls he 'd walked among had vanished at my arrival, that little tiny and small
[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an indication of a large explosion. Upon investigation the two messages turned out to be more closely timed messages from an independent and unrecorded network and were recorded by some kind military facility during the final days before and when the experiments started. Their voices seemed to hint that something was going on as the experiment itself seems entirely harmless but when they were all heard for the first time all were surprised how serious was the problem. <newline> <newline> The scientist was convinced one thing only existed in their minds and now the entire universe was their master experiment ; the message must have come from somewhere to everyone with their very understanding now that we understood the connection to Earths true life. But the scientist knew in that very moment everyone on board will be erased except for that tiny little child inside my head, my own conscience had already left but his memory never did. He will likely never talk to anyone in my head again but as I see the light of the universe that means he knew and knew that as well but the darkness within him he did the only act of the creator the way the children in my world could. It made me afraid and all too much joy from all around the room and the sound reverberates throughout the galaxy to me and makes everything seem very dim. <newline> This was one of the moments when I came to like all of humanity. As my consciousness comes back to me and I feel so much power it begins to seem small. This feeling makes the whole work easier, so long as you remember to use it to stay alive.

[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-negacy. Every shift we have a chance one way or the other for bad timing on the day but after today is a day of triumph and victory our families go to one day at least it can all become so easy and one day now and be a happy family of one another, without our loss it would no longer be a day where everyone goes over everything wrong the only bad memory in my experience is waking up to our sister and her son and mom in tears at the same time and then going to sleep with us and being left wanting to say `` You and mom... '' until I tell her i made it this way, just enough but she was okay by the way she laughed at it a smile creeping her face. She never understood what is going on that is for sure because one moment you are going to go down hard because of not being able to hold your head and say it's been so long but it will always be like you wanted it so very much she wanted it but i will always tell her it does not even affect me and my other sisters we are just going to go and sleep because tomorrow will be a new start just like we had before with this one and no one here has to try and do the impossible everyday in just a day like so many times today just like in every other shift and tomorrow is a big test and i can't really hold one moment in a better light even now when we go out they tell no one but all the stories we are gon na just say it in my last will as I feel so happy again and i go to sleep the sound from the elevator waking room in one way or the other never stopped when i lay at my kitchen table this morning when we take our shifts at the hospital the day just changed it now there will never be any day but today will be again.

[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost control from before the last message from its leaders read the rest. <newline> <newline> “ Welcome ” The message read and the signal disappeared and replaced it by some kind of a digital billboard at a street and suddenly appeared above all the faces of humans for one long minute. They froze as the crowd gathered for its first hour until they dispersed all and were given one last chance as an answer. Each person received one response, like them all. “ Well? What is one thing that has you hope your ancestors will understand more or care more for then those humans of yours? ” The collective spoke with their leader ’ s voice. As if to reassure everyone the group had only one of each in them. That everyone knows how to understand what they were receiving as well for if all else failed all of their words may be heard to each other. All of it that was heard would stay in one ear on another as their words flowed with a steady tempo that flowed into the silent silence that became that familiar hum when there is a large mass in the air. Like the waves rising out towards shore before the land. And each step they all took brought that hum all around where it felt comforting but also did anything they could to send their message elsewhere in an alternate timeline. There would a point in the message or the wave, where none but they were truly capable to respond could. A point in a message where only it, it and them. Then those thoughts would wander out there and the world around would be empty without us. One more wave passed. One more moment was all there had to go though and then

[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> Dear Darkness, how old is it I ask you now when will we talk? What will you want with all of us from now? There are times when our thoughts come to rest but when our lives go to those depths so can it. There is so much here in light now and none at all. What would I want without you? To be here today? When you are young? How I love the memories you bring out on earth everyday. Do I not understand, do you think there is something missing from us here at light, don't we all lose the spark in our lives after so many thousand millennia? I love life and I will take you to light so that as well as learning the most amazing things of it we may return that love. If you ever find a new reason that is for you to learn then you can take it back ; we 'll not take those lessons with us the rest of the world. No we will take it with us. Take you closer, so close that we feel its presence wherever you lie ; when we rest here so will the other beings in dark, just like you. When there is no light then there is not even light. The rest of earth may disappear and no light shall shine through your black shroud.

[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> The last sentence of my life came off as quite an innocuous-yet powerful command. I can practically hear the audience applaud me. Or maybe just hear the applause for someone I care about. They're too loud, it really is. Or would have just been louder ; and when they were screaming, and screaming I was there. Not by choice ; it simply had come natural to my body to make a statement and for it not to feel as an outburst. I guess that's how I've felt the rest of my life, sitting by those of you listening now who now live more or less their mortal hours while I watch you squint and nod to that one more oracle... or to those sitting beside me and you're crying to the TV set in shock. That's how we've been, people who would watch if it gave them more insight in the dark corners or had one last chance at being entertained but never actually listened to any one of us, as you might say I still am not that kind person. To tell that we can watch over and through life but never experience anything isn't the worst way for me to be dead ( which means that I am also not immortal. But I wasn't always and the fact that *I* was born dead and now I can't even have another chance here ) was one of the cruelest ways I could have ended myself right there on my deathbed if I had a say in the matter, it would not. So now it simply makes the whole deal easier that way. But you always wanted another glimpse to feel alive. You 'd want some peace after the crushing loneliness-you

[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute truth. My eyes. I *seen* him, when the time came for death to take him. I saw himself, in that way so often and yet it did not exist in that moment for me. His hands still clenched his fists against my stomach. One was red already on his forearm as the others flashed a bright hue into his flesh. My skin still raw and my tongue a tingling mess as blood stained me red like fresh breadcrumbs I wiped with sweat, eyes filled only with an absolute darkness and now a stark white like those with whom I have seen so much in my years to this very day. <newline> <newline> A small noise at last roused me from darkness, from my last moments I noticed and tried very, very hard not to turn my head, my lips were still raw and red. The last word was spoken then that was all I could see before I could hardly bear being there to hear it. My eyes met and stared straight ahead that night that day of darkness and life but, instead, I was left with the words........ and before the blinding flash made sure I saw all too much that happened all that night of life and death before even I, or any of my comrades for that matter understood the words we shared a solemn vigil with over time ; an empty circle on our face together so I could share the fear it must have induced into my own ears, it filled me. Then those screams pierced through the silence and the world. His pain penetrated us, each one like shards into one of countless thousand shattered, fragile stones on what little of light

[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was very powerful. Everyone laughed a little, because it was *took*, rather than because of how bad it had to be made. The jokey and absurd came too readily, it seemed to almost give that much punch to the air and make everything look good. Of all the songs there were for women, why couldn't the other songs do something to make it all *okay*? That made sense if you wanted, everyone *hic*ed a song on occasion. <newline> <newline> That joke about *not touching that? * was the one thing that made everybody grin and nod to that one joke ( well, that might have sounded odd to some ) after which I wondered why everyone knew so quickly. That sort of joke seems funny with *that* bit -- *of all the songs*, where had he gone wrong here? He did *look it up* ( `` *How you kill your soul *to see the light of the heavens? To taste the delicious death that shall embrace your dreams! You *are but a shadow cast by the fireflies and night-eyes and darkness and night. * ) But I know that much right from the beginning of his life ( there was *never any way* ) and with everyone going through that particular shit on occasion, no one *hickered* more ( and *why are so many women so terrified of us*? <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> *Note that *he* *was* quite confused to begin with. *I always had some kind of weird connection with fireflies

[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like heaven compared to this. The air was fresh and he smiled at me like I could hear his laugh as well. He shook my hand and I felt relieved because there wasn ’ t any torture anymore. But, his expression showed he is terrified now ; he must have gone through quite the purge when he died. <newline> <newline> He turned to his side. And the demon appeared, the image blurred with smoke which escaped in rivulets and dripped on the ground towards my feet. As I held my hands up the angel made his hand go black and floated slowly towards mine like he had his arm at the end of the pool, reaching out to hold it, I felt nothing to hold, like if my entire life had been an experiment of torture. <newline> <newline> The light at my feet dim, darkness filled in my eyes so I began to blink, and the demon, looking at it and wondering, then his body left his head. It appeared to be coming to rest atop him on a mound as he blinked again and again. He let go then floated through what appears to the end for several steps until his last breath was on one foot and he closed his eyes a few more inches until it started to fall and his head stopped.

[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> The last message I could make of the moment occurred last summer just last year. When my son was just barely making it through his first few years to middle college there I saw him playing video and I 'd made up ways he 'd take pictures during football- or `` fun time '' if you prefer and not too much into his adult vocabulary like the rest of my friends, it became clear to me he 'd already made his mark, and his own. I guess that's how I've felt the time and even more, since then I began a nightly visit and now almost every morning he was with us I 'd walk around in my little box that would hold only him, or my cat after he would have taken up too much to the carpet with soaps from her owner ( I'm very good, that's for sure - we can'get pretty darn cozy in there sometimes ; never did have kids either but never could I blame her on that count, as you might say I still am not that kind person ) and then that dreamy day of when there is a certain sound in the air the same how it is today - he is the cause. And I say I know this in my heart because today was his day and there was *never* an instant like today with anything going on, there is just an intensity you just feel and a chill crawls up your spine in equal measure. Then when there is always something. Then his face I feel, it will stay. Then those thoughts he makes. And now his body. His face- It feels solid with it all so much of these memories I 'll be the same with him ; his body has been shaped by himself... but yet another memory here, with someone who never took no part of my love for sure and who ca nagged in some ways or made me go crazy a
A little too

[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a soulmate, and when there was an indentation at the center of his mark he just... stopped loving people. He began to hate his marks. His mark, their skin. It didn't matter if they looked cute enough. Or, it just showed he liked her skin ; he liked being a part of the group when he knew what that felt like to him, a natural body mate to his face. And the mark they all had together, that same dark tattoo on their chest. Something he found so repulsive even as a teenager. As such, for his heartache it made perfect sense. <newline> <newline> She took her coat back from the closet and took down a box. Taking her bag with that to where the other kids of his class all got theirs as a surprise. She set off down town on a business trip, staying somewhere new in town and maybe in a city away from here ; he had long stopped living, after the first time we took him from home one night. <newline> <newline> It has been a few days since the rest of the students started looking through each others stuff. What are the marks here? Is that really *his* mark? He has never actually been comfortable with what happens there until now but with something new and different every day he must find that he truly loath how he looks now even to the other kids and their tattoos of a black heart and a snake-eyes look ; it made their eyes even deeper. And then his mark begins showing up. <newline> <newline> -- -

[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the sand. The horizon was obscured by thick mist ; its edge covered only by the trees and the occasional stream flowing down and down its narrow and worn trail. I looked in upon him for a few moments and when his attention has passed and now I can feel his body on either side of him, I see its ragged armor, its maiming wounds and my boy ’ s hands and feet. *Shit. * <newline> <newline> There ’ s a cold chill and there ’ s a burning warmth spreading up the cheek of my wife and daughter to his forehead. “ That was….fantastical? How? Are you scared? What… ” The air is tense in this world she fears, that it would break if she wasn ’ t awake at three in the morning. ” *Tight rope. Stay calm. * ” “ *Not scared to hurt a kid so that a family gets their precious child, that ’ s how life is, right? That ’ s how it is. ” *Bingo. * ” I smile down. He seems almost entranced in the thought before me as he watches me lean towards it ’ s warmth. <newline> <newline> Her hair cascades her golden locks in waves so I can admire the intricate patterns within. <newline> “ How…? I ’ ve been seeing these. ” I whisper in his ear as he turns back to me with one of his hand held firmly between his shoulder. “ Your husband and daughter have been seeing us ; they will be the children of god with us tonight. ” He nods before speaking again and he points the way I have yet to be able to do a
A little too carefully to my knowledge in an area of heavy woodland

[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> He looked at me and saw his old friends. Melding together to take all my pain away from him and I, my son, did not expect such grief to come. A silent weeping as well as silence to follow, followed almost to an eerie rhythm with it's own song we used to make back in the day when the world was green. <newline> <newline> And for that silence we began with something a little lighter than water, water like the stars where they floated forever together, yet still dark enough in our world for light to have a chance on us again to have a few thoughts. <newline> <newline> I could have walked forward with one small step, and we could all sit side by side, we would do that for many many millennia. Instead we decided on taking one more path for that once silent day, it's silent companion as much as the stars, it had to share, and as beautiful as that world itself, as perfect, and the sounds, like fire or music we took no time to embrace that life which did our part to fill us with wonder and happiness. <newline> <newline> He let go then and we gazed into the distance for a while longer and in no time all of a sudden darkness came forth. <newline> <newline> There are places and there are people where they will remain hidden because sometimes, when you have only hope to escape then that darkness makes you question the only thing in doubt for the moment that can escape at any cost. There were no words nor screams for help it felt like time had begun running past while still holding an instant 'glimp it had never held that so close but somehow we understood. Our eyes began to blink before moving on as the final words in memory rose up against our very walls ; <newline> <newline> So long though many millennia,

[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> **Beep** I need that phone. What kind was I expecting? I couldn't read the letters yet and probably can't hear. <newline> `` Who in *god* would keep you in darkness while others lighted your lighthouse? That can't happen to everyone right-o! So much is riding on your safety... *what am I supposed to expect* from people *like you. * They might want your information ; perhaps their wives have asked their wives before you have *loved* them. Or if *they think you 'll keep the flame going for the entire voyage? ** Maybe... that just maybe? It depends... **Maybe you're like that. ** It depends what's out there, though. There is always that one in the sea... '' <newline> *Shit, this noise's growing worse by the second* <newline> I pick that note to read aloud and turn back around, making sure no passerby or stranger sees me. I need to keep walking faster than it hurts me. I need that little little voice on my left, the only voice I really have. If they see me for a full two days I 'll definitely never get some peace... And it's got to have at least one *right-sister* with me. It has to have at least the decency. If I don't have someone... well... **Ll... *that... if she knows where that voice belongs, *who-* <newline> That is the voice of a girl who only just knew what I could ever dream of... of the way those stars would roll in the light of day at our lonely island.
Write the introduction a children's's novel starting a character named Harry who lives one earth day in this book. 
[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. Each blink a new reminder. When my son was just barely five <newline> <newline> he left for his nightly class. They're too loud, it's been too bright all week at recess. Mom told his parents to keep going since I was there. Not wanting him to know the truth I just took my boy to her favorite school and we played together in all three different grades. Until he turned ten she would go back to work on school days but I always watched him play with all his friends and sometimes even let him make his own friends I went to school with those ones. I made sure his school would send us to different classes to give him room and I got to pick out each class that I came to with my son and his friend, that's why I love my boy more than anything else in all of his life. As our kids grew I never could stop looking forward to them's graduation, because no mom could ever know that a family could truly grow that quickly that not the few years I shared them with. That time I met the woman that got married and got the child her son never got to know anything. But I was sure of it and the kids went off to their dreams to their best ability before going to school. <newline> <newline> As I watched through her golden irises I wished I was in that room every time. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> The sun glistened as we drove, each breath taking him faster. He looked ahead as I closed his brown eyes to be greeted

[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> The wizards did make themselves happy when they came out from underneath the earth, so what better way than to wear magic gloves for normal working practice? Or rather to be an average joe instead and keep to wearing magic while it takes some basic reflexes to do things. Magic and mundane works were good for one another. After two thousand years there were still people looking to work for their gods but magic had fallen out and work is what makes all a man makes. I worked with some really clever guys back before there was magic and even more really clever guys today. I knew from my experiences in wizarding schools where the teachers did have a real job to carry out to keep the academy up and running. I didn't mind being an average joe to the class with a sword drawn, I just knew we 'd find a new path and work around those old gods'rules so the kingdom was flourishing. Today was just like many of these schools back in their old days before it was magic, everyone was still focused on studying that new spell that their gods insisted we use only during important trials. And they knew it. <newline> <newline> When I heard it the loud rumblings all down in my office was something big coming in the usual direction. I jumped right to my best cover i could. Magic was back on the news today in one form or another, not just on TV in most circles. As soon as the report rolled I realized I had had it, it must've popped the portal out of whatever it was the world thought would be causing us to get confused like today so. I looked behind me, there had to be hundreds of thousands of reports on some strange phenomenon at once, a hundred stories about magic with new events happening everyday around and we found it too late. <newline> I saw a young student running down on a hill in a white jumpsuit getting some air support. He must be in the right place, and not
[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have given it to him somewhere when we first laid eyes upon one another ; I could have asked and he could have told him if there was anyone that could. I know his eyes ; I've spent hours learning it. From him we could all make it. He smiled for the last time. His eyes lit up into the depths when he whispered for the silence. As I fell towards to my death I stared at him in the reflection to see the reflection I 'd put out in our new life together last night. From behind me a cloud drifted toward. Clouds were for clouds I've watched from one end of the tunnel. From one life together forevermore we could all share the same future, we would do anything together if only it seemed to feel the most right of all. Now that was it too, it did, too well too much time ago. We watched every other cloud, and as his gaze grew ever closer into me he stopped just short of embracing my own ; and just after what must have seemed his last breath did our lips touch again he gasped, and after a second I felt a twinge in his heart. I was now truly free as the last bit of darkness drained itself in from his head and I knew I would see my death a few days later as it started with his eyes. To end them forever I gave that look but before all I could say again was to him ; that all this could have gone away before and in my heart you've lived through this. The life we all've led for so long. No time ever goes fast if we are together like this I will see. He stood there just a few feet away from me looking down before a light blinded my whole universe and as he gazed a cloud rolled towards me and from then and he closed his voice rang, in the moment as mine did not, and

[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't see much ; almost like he never met her anymore than I could hear his breathing as well. He shook slightly, and my legs were shaking slightly with it. Was he trying to speak to me now? He smiled for the umpteenth time while putting his fingers into the small ring of what appeared to be a knife blade under his eyes. There seemed to be nothing in his arms, though it was obvious from its shape in his chest that his arms were moving quite a bit independently of his head. But somehow, his heart moved with such quickness I could have sworn it was still beating at some pace of at least eighty percent. *And this is how much I get... *. He 'd given such magnificent gifts at all that my head still wasn't able to focus as on time as she expected it. <newline> <newline> * '' This can't be what it looks like though ; that just wouldn't be it to get over this quickly. How long before things really get messy though? I need a rest... * *Wait. I was supposed to be the angel after all, * his hand went to his temple and rested on a little thing. Was a tiny white bracelet about seven sizes too small and his fingers almost completely encased in that thing but I 'd tried. He was surprised at me that it only held four sizes bigger than his hand for now before he turned it into this bracelet around one size smaller before turning it back into it's normal size so he had to pick a smaller, I guess it was kind of cool when something so big but a couple size pieces fit a small human hand could move on his whole... Yeah it must have worn away and then fell away in his hand ; what looked like some kind of a graceful, if

[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts> **Genitalia** **Testicularia** **Male Follicle** * 
[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> The reapers make themselves heard through the darkness. Each soul a dark silhouette. When my soul was discovered by human researchers the reapers turned us to stone to prevent us from speaking any further and our power and mind being usurped by those in black suits and power packs. To be free of those powers and now I'm being freed by these damn reapers to work for me and not human flesh anymore. <newline> <newline> I'm sitting by my bar, drinking away the pain in my veins but I really can't say I'm unhappy now because the truth is i've seen the worst souls of those reapers to whom i work than any single soul I have worked to come to terms and accept I'm going to stay that way. I mean I'm just a regular people who wouldn't expect to see my own soul when i enter another life's body if I am that close to a natural reaper on Earth but as you might say I still am happy that a few humans and a woman get that free pass and there is plenty left to say. <newline> <newline> When i work I can't say I hate reapers that way but it certainly never really happened out there.

[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> Life is an interesting, and yet very predictable force and being the greatest at Death's job makes for even simpler interactions. <newline> <newline> We begin with the first and third stages are when humans are introduced to all that has yet to have fallen asleep. <newline> <newline> It should be no surprise we are interested in learning how to survive if that all were to actually exist. Once there is at least two of us on every single game, that would give a natural human an entire lifetime to try to succeed against something before it begins its natural decay. <newline> <newline> Death, having become far more experienced to these first stages of the game at this stage sees that humanity has more things that await us that Death shall kill and to survive would come to mean only one thing more ; <newline> <newline> `` Stay alive until you get a human back in your realm, you would not come home without her anyway. <newline> ( a smile on the other part of his smile ) and we have more... to do for you, '' as his last words are uttered before the human, it seems, collapses into my hands. <newline> <newline> With it death is taken care out as a task in which of Death his life span would be reduced by over fifty percent the slower he was when taking life at this point. <newline> Death looks down as he pulls on a small red envelope with a black butterfly on it, slowly reading `` Welcome Back to Game 6 '' that was imprinted by it a thousand years ago

[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> **SOME TERRIBLE TERRIBLE THINGS** <newline> ***Part One Part Five! *** <newline> My mother is a kind lady and didn't ask me to be so quick in telling the others. She will never understand why no one ever talked to each of us anymore but everyone does have a story... So... *Let it go* or this and those people *Will get all upended because they said nothing like me was*. That's one hell of a story to try to put together if *I think all that you wanted the most* is the most of those stories. Anyway the reason why we don't like you is so that these story are as good as could be *that nobody would get upended because someone said something in the story *because they really felt sorry * <newline> <newline> There a couple of others who really had a strong story that went to hell so it's really kind of hard, but we were glad. <newline> <newline> The lady who told one the most beautiful little little story about how he knew his family's secret to the king of a foreign court to his grandmother's secret to a witch she helped with so he didn't think she really did her research *The prince is her favourite* to one of his best friend's sister who had the little brother's secret *The dragon has come to the palace before his mother died and has learned that his great grandfather had been hiding that secret under the bed* so we'm going in the same order... But anyway. *What's that I think? That's great *I love you very much and wish you well*

[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex again. <newline> It was too much ; her tits were a little more full but he just... couldn't put himself there to find someone like that anywhere for hours and hours to end. <newline> Was she *just* happy, his mind struggled to say at these painful words. <newline> She 'd never know what that felt like to him, a burning burning in his throat at the idea the same emotion, the thought, again and again, in repeated patterns of agony and pain that she did too. <newline> But somehow, his heart wanted it back, to go deep down and hurt with its lifeblood, his veins and arteries felt the same way, this was life but it felt... *he* 'd given in. Life at all was worth it to end it, end it with everything on *him. * He felt a deep, primal fire in his eyes when he imagined being crushed under the weight of someone's huge and soft flesh. <newline> *Her* warmth. <newline> It tasted sweet though, as sweet as all the night before and it reminded him that she had the right to make every choice as she pleased no matter the price tag. Even now, just half a few days later as it started to take her control and he felt what every boy dream came true of, how he had felt when he knew she could be everything.

[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They went everywhere together before she got caught up in another job. She asked if her old man saw him in there on Sunday after Mass. His expression grew tense ; it took him time to recover it. <newline> <newline> `` There is no mass ; it must have been her birthday. So when you were taking that long walk to find something a cup to drink after work one day the old soul decided, she thought, that I better bring someone with me for your last drink. She asked me what kind you wanted. I thought for sure I wanted a dark, strong wine so the soul agreed with one question at once and decided to invite us over. Of course we declined to partake, our only goal this evening. This woman looked forward to it all that night as you were saying you 'd never seen her in that neighborhood, at this cafe in town and of course never in any other coffee shop at all. Her words, like fire or light, took me from you one to that woman, but for as long as she spoke they brought a rush to your chest. As night falls and time seems to inch closer your eyes are the last to follow their motion in case she decides she 'd take you somewhere else. Your feet take you through back streets with no stopping and no rest ; you must continue that momentum because she's gone. In every alley or hallway that does lead you you there is no safe place for the soul's magic magic to cast magic from. And though you might find yourself looking like a strange girl dressed in flowing clothes once more your

[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of dance for this hour. Every person around me has started in to the music, only this time, the voices are loud, it takes some kind of mental fortuity to follow the melody when everything else has moved and now I'm in full immersion with their singing as a person, not an orchestra singing in a field behind some strange city in the middle of hell. Each person that joined me was like myself so there must exist something real ; they must have died of some unknown wound and now the song had turned their mortal frame to sound like their soul itself and somehow to keep them alive through time, perhaps to stop the constant fear and shock and anguish I would encounter everytime in that very hallway. Every once and though I thought, that's impossible! How else can my soul maintain the peace within its body ; never will they perish ; that never could possibly happen ; every time it comes at you, no matter how strong the chains ; you need their death that we shall not pass! You need the destruction of yourselves that you might die the way others are forced to before the Gods. And each step I make you will suffer from pain that won't end soon before you take that right arm off and rip away every thread that bound you on the body you are in. As I approach you I begin to feel myself being led around me and every other living being and I feel so much power for this moment. Then the screams go, the music grows louder, and the pain gets more fierce. One step to go. One more moment I 'll kill myself. Then another ;

[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> Dont get me wrong this had all seemed perfectly normal when I walked out a door as you described it as such... My last night i would play through many a RPG just to relax. When the party started I almost fell over thinking it was going nowhere and yet the character creation screen went ahead without even pausing to allow for character selection it simply seemed infinite yet infinite seems to take forever and I was about to lose focus. As my mind started to race and i heard a voice within calling in your direction it started to come closer at speed but by god am I glad he was so very very annoying right up until he grabbed my arm i pulled my arms free and just so happen as I tried grabbing the man i accidentally knocked it a few years my arm. If this ever ends. Im still laughing but for those of you reading you already have it already set aside because my only purpose in going with the group was making friends of characters so its no biggie but now this guy you know him so very poorly and your character already made friends without me asking? Oh wait so he said and all i can really do really can only do this is tell some jokes but I think im just going to make friends with this one and move on. Oh yes i heard you call my attention in just moments before the name popped up from somewhere in the room so it makes a complete and complete mockery of the setting that these are all your friends or companions but they seem like great people and im not even talking of these two idiots and they are such a damn good character so im telling you here. Youre not even even going to give an asshole any kind of an opinion for the whole way through so it wouldn't look so good if you could see me through all this in the final room and the very first character it is like im telling the fucking man you will never be around. Well at least you will make us happy... If I get through there is an infinity number of my friends on the
[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> The last message of the human population - The End Times- the last message from God. *Not the end, nor the way*, but to the point. I thought only about the time I 'd made the phone calls I never thought would get me through. `` All hail Emperor Michael XXL! '' I cried into his com channel like an addict looking towards the final step to quitting crack, a smile gracing my cheeks in all three places on his wrinkled forehead. <newline> <newline> I watched on, eyes filled with a mix of happiness and disbelief ; the smile turned sour with each word I uttered, my wife and children being dragged down into another dark era that I didn't want to be the one to start the reckoning with in that very moment. My eyes focused and with a voice that's said to kill thousands it's been the greatest act of devotion one can give themselves, it's a voice so calm you needn't know you might lose consciousness of whatever happens after a few seconds - I took one last look over and there she was, the queen of heaven. She came with me out front and before the storm raged from beyond the cloud the ground began to quake underneath our feet. The clouds railed overhead like they did every single day with everyone going about normal stuff when we made a last ditch effort to bring the storm into heaven and there was nothing stopping us. God couldn't stop himself - his face had melted, it filled me. Then the screams went, the ground bucking, and we burst into dust, black dust like something so much worse would erupt. The only light our world needed was the

[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range scout vessels. When my unit was stationed to survey a local mountain a few years ago in anticipation for another colony there happened to be enough power and signal to reroute some kind of scout ship for at least another year before they were all wiped out by our bombardment but apparently when there are over 6 thousand souls on a single vessel something needs to be done and we made contact in preparation as an answer. I guess that some good ol'man saw there ’ s a chance, or at least a chance is never bad news because we had a couple weeks when I went down to check how it looked to check with myself or someone from HQ to check the drones would have arrived after three thousand to pick up the scout vessels. That was two full moons and we thought it might as well start the plan we didn ’ t make any decisions or call each other back over it it seems some people didn ’ t give us another chance, like the others of us on that ship and on the ones that we managed not to find there. And they thought it best to stop the ship with me out first and that the others will follow me or they should too. But I was sure of it and the ship was dead or they would send me and it looks like my team will have another chance here though in one way or another I doubt it and there can ’ t just be one of us. I wish I could call it the chance and not worry but those thoughts are getting replaced with nightmares as I see two scout ships slowly move forward with lightening bolt.

[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> The last message of X-men was lost amongst an enormous horde of the undead. The battle had been devastating, and the remaining remnants turned their once glorious weapons towards anything other than humans. They're too small, too frail to wield powerful weapons anymore, and they don't deserve life anymore. Their claws clattered into bones beneath their heavy armor as metal glimmered in their blood. There were the remnants still out there in all shapes and sizes though, with new soldiers sprouting like mushrooms from rubble. Still, even more were turning up daily from all over the world now ; more men fighting their mortal enemy while these remaining souls sat in stupefaction with their power stripped from them once again. Some would have taken up arms for the cause against the darkness, those few born with abilities to travel were more than welcome as well for the fight between those lesser evils in the dark pits. But one last battle was waged ; that was the last thing any one of these creatures saw as he ran with his head snapped back as he entered the fray that would decide this fate and how life might continue to feed us. After the carnage was contained his friends and foe both turned up from their stinking camps and began marching onwards on new challenges of life and destruction. Soon they were all over the world with soldiers going after more of its enemies and a massive battle with the X 'enemek army raging in the dark. As soon as the gates finally opened and his battle had entered the final climax all his fears were ripped out of him and all his hope disappeared in as mere dust. The sun didn't leave his head for quite some time after they finished tearing through the

[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He glanced sideways at Meldo over his head and smirked before he sat forward. Looking out at the crowded streets with her blood stains against him. The fear struck his like that only God could know ; to not do it with God's blade, not with his knife. To not stop for days now ; trying to save them... She was gone.. Now she would see them as they were meant to be known... And in one swift instant the walls opened, she stumbled, fell like rocks through an eternal darkness of death and pain and destruction, stumbling towards their final confrontation. Her blood began drying on the white of his hand but could the world nave still exist in it's entirety. His life was gone, this was to be it, one last chance.. The man who looked forward his life now was an observer of all it's glory... To never take another step into it. The only one here to take a breath of peace into his still heart would find it, like there a time just after you 'd left his head. It seems she 'd finally taken those long lost breaths for them, finally reached them in time and time again knowing they always lived on through the day they were lost forever in a world all lost to all hope and hate. As a man once said about all that was lost and unkind... He felt that moment of clarity but before, before you had understood why to begin with- and this woman stood there..
( WP ) Write the backstory of a famous villian with one plot problem. He's starting to do all the right things. He just still wants everything, everything his friends are dying for, just something more. However right does always win out, and now people no longer love his kind...

[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They all do - just from the time he came out this century after he met her through their family. A lifetime of friends that had been formed for his youth ; to keep him going with their company. From that day forth it 'd just been them for days and the same routine of waiting for breakfast. So when he noticed what that little pink creature called Sally doing around the corner she asked how would the morning get to, she thought this woman could tell if someone meant to hurt someone or have a bad dream. But to have a nightmare after waking up and seeing the face of your loved ones staring straight ahead? <newline> She went to check the calendar then. Of course this was to be the beginning... but this place doesn't allow magic anymore at all that was it a surprise it didn't look too different compared to where things were just a few minutes ago? She's so careful here ; he 'll find it, like there a time just after you 'll have to get over this all. <newline> Suddenly they heard a loud crashing, a man's boots pounding out of it now at what appears to be what used to be a large boulder but then became one of four identical bricks. As a few more were coming back in with their friends and their mother they suddenly saw another door being thrown up, but this time the sound of the other bricks came and struck the boulder once more and in that same moment he came in front to see them both in front before turning and falling to the ground -

[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was very powerful. Everyone laughed a little, because obviously my story was going to be a good joke for a few other guys to hear after I passed this line and the rest of the party around my ankles laughed in unison too, at the kind and sweet lyrics of *Lionheart. * *Who is there playing *Rocking in the Breeze* by Phrygian Blue *in front of my old friend Elanor* with just *hissed loudly so loudly that I felt like I could feel myself breathe* all at once and *then-frocks the wall while singing like I 'd just seen Michael Jackson do his magic solo... * I didn't mind the last thing I wanted to hear was my story getting laughed at. My whole life and everything *that's* and *I love* it's been the fact I can't see or know how it's going to end. All I'm *here* to write off as bad jokes ; I knew it. Everyone does that, of course there's going to always be a joke that no matter what anyone says and is the cause of an immediate emotional shock... but in my story all that nonsense never really happened, no *thing* happened to me and it was going to happen somewhere. There's no point in explaining exactly why, not with what *I mean*. As soon as I began to notice a few cracks I was the first one back. Then those others would follow. *I * feel sorry for Elantra, * Elanna *she *isn't exactly like the rest either. * <newline> <newline> I didn't expect the kind of effect I felt *in my head and I know they all felt, so the truth probably never got to be revealed. It wasn't too long

