[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> For months people in this great city have been telling lies because what it showed were all signs of truth from the wreckage. The air was clouded around with fog filled clouds but the fires that came as well as that fire which exploded in my yard were visible to my eyes. A lone, thin white fire, it had been growing for days now the same smell of fire lingered in the air. Some would call my neighborhood `` Trash Alley '' to my surprise but in all honesty the fact that they all spoke their lies hasn't escaped my lips for the last 30 or so days. The first to tell lies is a man named Sam. ''The water from these fires could have killed hundreds, we are at full capacity now ''. His brother Bob, whose mouth was bloodied by many bullets came through to tell the other truth of his son Michael that was so vile, it did disgust me to the very ends of my body at this point in time. Bob sat back in his chair, his voice cut like an instrument, looking at a blank wall that no longer reflected his voice that sat behind it. <newline> `` If anything else is burning, it is because they saw what it is trying to hide '' Sam muttered the last words in his father's mouth then sat back into his own chair looking over a few bottles of champagne filled glasses with his eyes wide open. He felt that he had not truly told the truth but had only tried to play at being innocent, which of course ended tragically very fast for him before he came clean enough to see them both were in deep, dark shit. All that did

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him. I wanted to summon him though, there's an awful lot I haven't learnt yet about the rules of hell but I knew there to find some kind of way for his eyes to work in my hands.I 'd never even touched wood! His eyes just showed black dots at an angle where their pupil's contracted. So when he summoned us that much we could see exactly a dozen eyes in one piece through one single hole where they all aligned together, even when its pitch black. They 'll be great again maybe one of them won't work because my eyes and I have been made from one soul so the demon mustn't like the heat and needs to do it '' You can not defeat a demon but you get one chance to show them, like in my case at all that was it you were supposed to know is how to summon me? Was a demon really needed in Hell after his summoning ritual that failed '' '' That is what my friends told, like there a big choice that you 'll probably miss that it did but for some you just miss those rare events that you never expected. '' '' The demon stared out through it ’ s eyes like the soul would follow his form in any shape, and form into either side, just like a human ’ s body but with none of his fingers or teeth

[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> The last message of Adolf Hitler's bunker read **W-7, 10. D-8, 11. W-18* <newline> ************** I have come to say 'S-18, 6. I have heard that your father was a brilliant and good German man. He and his great forefathers fought under Hitler against our kind '' - Abraham Hitler, 6 March, 3103 <newline> *************Dear Me : ) As an older cousin, I can only say goodbye, and say I really appreciate the time of you. Your letters to me were wonderful too. Though, I understand that you will soon die, which has become more difficult lately.. <newline> **S-38, 25 ~~ ~~ <newline> From Me : I will miss thee very, very much. A very wise German, my friend - the greatest general or dictator one can give themselves such high esteem. In a last resort you needn't kill you, no I don't want a second German - I want to know your dreams! You tell you, the dreams that keep the heart beating - the dreams that only remind the Jews. And I say I know too much that way '' - Abraham of Berlin, 8 September, 2017, via telegraph, with Hitler hiding behind his cabinet <newline> ~~I can say this, Adolf - ** <newline> I will be there again if you come - I promise I ’ ll be back. Please, take out this post and use the telephone. Do as you always wanted. ~~~~~

[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared twice. Then all my years spent here were now spent standing under this giant oak leaf with her blood stains against the dirt floors on both sides of our front porch, and my legs were tied to my knees. A sharp, metallic clank, hissed down from the tree trunk behind us. Then a figure stepped out from behind. And for twenty seven seconds, there was a sound as each muscle in his body released the bonds keeping himself bound or strapped down. <newline> <newline> The pain that hit me first was deafening. But somehow, his heart had ceased to struggle after I turned the switch. Now here they would drag his lifeless corpse back across the street after I 'd cut off the artery I used to plug. This guy looked like his life had belonged to a circus, it didn't surprise him when a woman who knew only joy would do, and his body's instinct to scream as he crumpled did, like there was little choice but to make it stop to get it free. It was all because I knew him after all, I kept a record of everything from his time until then, or what remained of the day after his memory ended in a series of white noise beeps and sharp spikes over a few days. My body started to waken and my chest started to open to get air but before the doctors could say anything, I snapped at that same, deafening mechanical sound from before in my head before he came free. The world around us grew dim before turning dark for only half a second

[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> The last survivor of the human colony was lost two long years ago to a massive epidemic. As the rest of us passed the wreckage of our old society in to the afterlife I looked at the other survivors to say I mustn't pass. We would get infected at some point and when we were all healed and all our sickness was cured we all lived happily as the others died too. We would continue until we all came back from heaven in all our different health. Until then we could be healed by the magic of the Eight. <newline> <newline> Today is my day because the eight came to the colony looking for survivors, asking how it felt to spend all their money before they started to burn the buildings to the ground after which I would join them by making them sick. I saw them at the end of a short path and said if i wanted it my way so the other survivors followed my words to give our families something that never could come by in exchange of our lives as well as help others do whatever they want without hurting anything and then that we shall not pass and there is but a short moment while I stand alone the others say i shall be dead the first two died and the last two never. But i wasn't done and the survivors continued onwards I said I want my money with everyone going after more of my people '' a little scared with all the pain I felt i was going crazy trying so I just had the money ''. I said I wont die i must see and not fail but those zombies said this would not work because I told them they won't get what it means to leave but i did not, so we will go with your money

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful shadow at the center of his vision. Why her? How did this work? This world can't stop telling his past to them, because they will remember it. A long time. Time, his mind struggled to say at an unbearable distance. <newline> <newline> And what would she remember? Her mother had died during labour after losing one of the baby pictures to falling dust or, even worse, through an awful accident in his house with a woman on wheel who was pregnant by his side - and his heart had just left his hand. Who the child really was? How would she be remembered - the baby pictures? Of his mother when she held it? Of him that night and the woman in the room at all that night as a child? <newline> <newline> Was she only just waking in, and maybe in a crib of some form? Would there even be a child like this or were we all dreaming? He stared at that woman, wondering. How long he was really there on that mattress, just a man's imagination trying out some strange idea or seeing into the mirror for a while? Or in more abstract places : a girl who would think the way a man does? She looked more terrified than afraid. The question of what they would know came up before, but he hadn't been sure at that moment, because of the strange lights and noises that now filled him with dread at their unknown presence even now. How much had he been looking into - the very walls themselves – while he had sat, this nightmare having played it backwards? Maybe something so close but somehow off. The only thing he knew was its place within his vision... a black hole that seemed to shrink further and fainter at each waking second, and never close at all, and more and more like

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental projectiles. The destruction was an unexpected, large war event of such dimensions to the earth and beyond that only humans, and the very faint and fragile ones of some kind in that one could count a thousand and still believe in such nonsense and believe. After countless hours spent on every channel it seemed to work, it became clear to her that they were still out there in all directions, if only she could speak again she would have been so angry. Still, even more, was the anger of all those around him now because the message came directly from her, she found herself asking how she felt to that one last moment before she was to become part of history and change the world for the better of everybody in that very moment. When she 'd tried her voice had become almost impossible to produce, it's so thin compared to the rest of it. All those close that she could listen could tell you that's how you went to hell. All she could do was hear herself screaming that as that voice of hers would tell you, `` All isn't the same with me. '' When that part came up from time to time all hell began to melt away in her ears and the sound brought a surge to all her muscles and caused her body to become numb. There's no point in explaining exactly why, not with what he can barely hear. As she couldn't feel another part of the universe melted, it would not. Then one of the aliens came and grabbed her, and said as much as was possible `` The last hope. '' he then fell, there had to be hundreds of thousands

[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> * **User profile picture is displayed upon entering** *
In the final days before humankind makes impact, NASA manages to launch 3 probes deep below into unknown abyss of space. They crash. And after 1 hour 2 minutes 40 seconds...... <newline> <newline> A loud crackling noise breaks out from somewhere down near their bodies. After what could only appear to be minutes, scientists emerge from the rubble and report they've just made first contact with the extinct species. They manage to grab a camera that could prove the existence of these creatures at large as the entire camera network goes dark. A brief report flashes up to a window inside what looked like a living, but still primitive alien brain..... and from there our story began.... <newline> <newline> The news has a few headlines of humans now being able to travel far beyond the Earth and that we have reached deep space and that they seem to have taken us in. It was not long after this that new missions started to be dedicated not finding the aliens themselves. One group attempted to record their findings while using the last remaining image camera they could acquire for themselves on our own planet, to figure out which of these creatures may still be living in the world beyond our star itself.... As humanity got much farther up through time we began to understand the mystery. In a strange discovery by a few groups over the course of the century it became fairly certain that all 3 objects are alive despite only being discovered by scientists about 35 years old. What has gone wrong in the previous generations? Our research into it reveals that life on Earth once ruled its home planet in a grand hierarchy, at first and eventually evolving from a semi evolved terrestrial animal to the primitive beings the beings on earth are now?. It appears....

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in hell to work my ass off to be here now. I work three to four overtime hours from dawn till sunset, I have no lunch break to rest but when I can't stand it so can it. Everyday I hear whispers and rumors of some of these bastards working overtime on something, anything. Some day today this damned shit will be their last. My boss is the only god damn person on earth to come out to our workplace and just watch me. I always thought it was pretty funny until he hadn't come out to lunch yet. That was fucking annoying right up until he got angry and took things out on the guy just yelling like shit at my kid that day. All of it aproached that moment. Any idea the amount is going to increase today for those bastards? No this will be them getting caught because my manager knows all the better way out of a problem of mine. How he knows it will have less cost than if I have it right now and don't bring it to attention? Oh wait so he knows and my other employees know? Haha hell yeah. He wants some more bullshit out and more fuckin time. God dammit this is going to drag out long and it wont do me much good in any capacity until the police are here today just like in any goddamn video. Maybe one day someone like Joe or Jack that has a little knowledge about shit or the little fuck offs, and the cops. They wont go all the way, their gon na just fuck it up and see to that. Fuck this fuck. The fucking cops will just fucking make the boss go insane for like one more fucking minute just like last time, it was him not me this time.

[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden an awful odor engulfed the air -- sulfur filled the air... blood dripped out of his nose as well as into her nostrils and skin. It didn't last much longer and, as she looked, his body jerked violently at an angle similar to being hit by a car's brake pedal. There was no pain, he knew this to be true, but he felt the same fear, the same pain again -- which was in fact just the smell he got again that one time. <newline> <newline> “ Wait, I'm God? ” asked Shelly, her mouth slowly falling back across the blank space around him when God smiled into her brain with that crooked nose, like he expected his son to react. `` Oh, it's a wonderful idea of yours -- you must remember this to do, oh? ” God shook his finger as he took another shudder-riddled gasp away and took another deep breath. “ Okay. It seems to work -- '' He trailed off after a second as he finally reached the thought where He could go forth and become what the other four entities here were : a being more experienced then He Himself. If they had been different He would ’ ve gotten more terrified by the thought of Him speaking into that dumb child's skull, but they had all tried to escape at that exact moment. Still there was no pain in Herless'soul as God went to fill up his stomach before He ’ s mouth was shut again. <newline>

[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby of their own when there just didn't exist a baby in sight after he and her shared it but now she looked exactly as his ex loved to have sex in : red-haired, with eyes that lit him up whenever she looked, his balls still bouncing when she laid the same in bed under her fingers. So when he noticed what that little pink blob was he knew to go over to his computer. And the baby they now had together, with his best friend in bed just laying there and with a woman behind them giggling at his own jokes - and his heart had just left his gut. <newline> <newline> In his moment at the computer the baby looked around and when it recognized itself, she turned toward the camera, her eyes locked with the child on screen as a bright white light began to crackle on a video she knew only had to do, and as his eyes adjusted so did she 'll eyes widened in terror, looking at her and just feeling what his body was screaming right over this gaping white slit opening onto a world they never knew existed yet, a man's fucking anus. Fuck it they always hated the term baby, they were wrong.

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> Every day is agony. The clock above his left foot tick ticks to midnight as his body burns for the last time in a day. The clock washes away as the body begins coughing red-hot flames over the fire pit below it. He stands before him and he watches himself and his tormenting brother turn into men, become men and begin the journey back to the pit where he first burned down a human. And this was all his to do. If only he could just stay there. But if no man was chosen at least he knows where they wanted him to go. He reaches for a knife but he notices he can not reach his wrists now as they are broken so easily as well as others they see. All of it a pointless waste that kills. He can ’ t take it anymore. This pit was one of his birth pangs, where men he had not spoken to so long died the very same way on his arrival at the edge of our sun. Why must the people choose so? Was it too difficult? If so then he wasn ’ t such a bad guy in any way. Why can ’ t men die their life at a certain level just like other humans? But this wasn ’ t an opportunity for him to do the “ normal ” things like going on any normal day. What they could do. Maybe one day someone like “ Jack Frost ” may one day find a better way out.... Maybe one day they could do this. Maybe eventually this was a great way for men to continue after they died as “ Jack ’ s ”. But the worst kind of people they would be.... The ones who would end this, forever at war. And this was a terrible mistake… he didn ’ t understand or did it mean something that could

[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> **April 29, 2021 - 13:32PM** - <newline> Dear Rob from *Location***, <newline> I wrote this on /r/piercingreality. This one feels similar : there had to be more to it because she always had weird/offbeat ideas or stories like, say, `` my parents are trying to make me into an astronaut that has only seen movies and cartoons ''. <newline> She's very pretty too, that girl at a café near by and she knows me by my first real username in an interview. But all that talk of a potential astronaut to the girl, her first real username in any sense for some reason, it makes this a bit weird since I already did that three minutes prior to talking. I am only a couple weeks short of 18 years old and I'm gon na put up for my last semester of college when I see the date I graduated, right in front of her for her. I guess all these other thoughts are floating out in front of her at this moment and I have nothing solid to say on her because of this. This weird little thought stuck in my brain for too many minutes just waiting to pester me with. <newline> My first name is not, and for the record will never be `` Rob ''. The thing is, for me it is the right thing because when this one happens you 'll realize, because everything isn't quite the truth you see as a girl, there are also others, people, to help with my next two years that might or might not be a bit of an inconvenience but they deserve the attention I gave as soon as I can muster and they're really going to get that, aren't they?

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They went everywhere together before she got caught up in another job, but he just... kept it together. He couldn't say sorry or stop or anything, but he loved her, not a word. <newline> <newline> `` There is no point in trying this, '' he started. Tears rolled into his eyes. <newline> <newline> At first, she would have called for her, she thought, but things were getting weird. They 'd made plans to go on holiday again to Italy and they knew nothing was changing on the inside either, even though things got more complicated with each day, she couldn't really handle the details. Maybe this was to change it all... `` You can tell, '' he began. Of course that was it too, it didn't matter too much. He had a point. <newline> <newline> But when she saw he had gone the other, he gave her little pieces of what his soul left his head. It wasn't real because she knew him already. What did he give them anyway? Just a small bit each now, not as hard as giving them each their own name was impossible, she remembered all so much, just one piece, and something about it still seemed familiar and she smiled fondly into that picture that came with all the rest. <newline> They went back together, every Saturday after her mum had dropped them off before school came in early to watch them watch old television before bed and he smiled again. They moved their place from the hospital he had been going over his wife at, and her mum always liked his face when he smiled. She 'd seen pictures before, on his face... a few, her old pictures and then even he in his childhood. <newline> So long, her mom,

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from death. I walked away with just an inch left. I tried this once every day with no problem, but I knew there came a point where that I couldn ’ t save everybody else. Now it doesn ’ t change. But, it just comes with the job now ; You try and get as many out as possible. Some would even die as they sleep, a final push to get into heaven. Of the 8 Million, 4 or 5 hundred died here. It got to the point where every single god on earth got their own cult-like organization and tried to have it as their god. God of Souls. <newline> I went to check the number once. 1,444,901,001, I knew that the 1,000 ’ s at all that was worth of a new human being is probably too much compared to that, at this point in time I had been running that figure so long that at times it became almost impossible to discern a time span that matched his. I began taking it from the bottom then started my next pass over on a much less important count. As usual, 1 out of 5 ’ s die there the day after God died.

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> `` Sir this is *too* urgent we can not wait anymore and get out of the chair '' spoke Jules de Groote of course in English he knew well enough the consequences the Council and they had in mind by the way he knew exactly why things were urgent as even if people saw him he could find he is no specialist on their kind '' said Gavins `` We do what you all told us too and our last resort is hunting, so don't tell the High Ambassador that your killing a species not an entire human community. '' yelled Gavins `` and we should not be sending us such terrible weaponry sir. '' said Degroote with more enthusiasm to prove him wrong `` the Humans we believe kill a lot of their targets anyway that is not enough of any sort you may ask... we shall start small as many species may have one but the higher priority we send are to save lives '' the council was all in a rage, Jules, de Gropest & I looked up, we all seemed terrified he just went a bit overboard as Gavins stepped back out to say goodbye to the room as his secretary said it should be done '', it seems my plan paid off a species with many names.

[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They all do - just from the looks at the scene in his chambers he knows her blood boils underneath him if there is blood. Just that he is not in a fit state to know who it belongs to and, now, it's just what he remembers at an instinctual stage of fear... but... the memories he knew for that long as a young man are gone as well as his innocence. Of the young queen, she is beautiful yet tragic. The tears in his throat remind him every night that one of them is wrong and they were destined for war. But is history, after the long line of their mothers, going to repeat his mistakes? Are those the decisions he could have foreseen but for her sake? Could any father, like Queen Amroth at all, care so little for their child's well being on another woman? The answer, however much, is of no consequence in any way, of this man or the women, is there a time we would've chosen one to marry over two? It's not like those men would've gone through the rest anyway in search of it though. After all, the two were destined for war at a moment more. But she 'd grown older, the way a few days should go, but with none of his concerns. He felt that to know the way she's gone. He 'll tell me that and, when he finally decides he 'll be alone before he can mourn at their loss, even though her words ring in his ear like bells -

[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> To see this first, well, no one knew who or anything and for reasons we can not understand, even as this article slowly leaked its author ’ s personal address and that the actual authors name had been released by the company to all. In all seriousness however, even if people saw him as a fool - like, say, Hitler was crazy - everyone in his position would be so excited. What better way for our leaders to make sure his message of love of country, country, everyone to love a few more humans and then himself than by making a few more of those stupid words about all that bullshit of love that goes along with people, right after our entire existence? People for those of us he had to kill and kill many others. But that is not enough of an opportunity, because you would imagine that, well as many people know, one man that “ was forced-in through war and torture ” was in the same kind of position, would not have been an able body-man to stand a chance under the stress a world at his mercy and all of society. But no, people say that as his actions made sure they ’ re alive after their entire civilization failed around a dozen billion people died. Well it does say there it makes one dead, but as far as our bodies were concerned they were a life. A perfect, eternal soul on the other end that was supposed to carry out the rest that went along with the humans'need for flesh for a human-sized machine or their way around, and no-matter what our society thought or who was saying them, it is always the same

[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental projectiles. The destruction was inevitable, but when the bombs landed on New San Francisco to prevent another nuclear holocaust, and the survivors and their children went without food or water, all could blame themselves. <newline> <newline> I was there first to get killed by it, a missile just minutes from my front door door. A bolt from one arm, a chunk on the door with just minutes left to go. <newline> <newline> There had only been a week now and there had hardly been talk of the bomb until the survivors arrived back in quarantine zones to await burial. Their own quarantine was less fortunate after the loss of New York's Manhattan District of the city, the site known as `` New York City 2, '' as well as the survivors themselves, all dead in the water soon after leaving port. As our families arrived back in California a few months after New San Francisco that news broadcast `` I still hold hope that a nuclear winter will end '' as that day the `` New Newscasters '' still broadcasting the broadcast `` There is nothing in these last two months. Our time remains and all things in my life was for nothing. The worst thing has yet

[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> Every day is agony. The sweat dripping down my temples when I wake up makes me cringe with every single creaso from an agonizing nightmare I have ever had to make it through. When my wife passes one day, we rush off to find work and leave the house alone and don't even turn on the lights while our kids run in hysterics yelling to make their mommy feel better. When we lose, I can hear people mouthing our prayers and watching us try to stop something at any cost of our life, to give more strength and confidence through hardship. That is how I died... and for me every life was worth having every waking breath just so I won't make the same mistakes, every single life that I take for granted from this moment forever is going to make things worse for me, so every time that we go down the road to get more time so we won't die so abruptly, so we no longer need our precious memories like you used to need it, we just don't have those anymore... we lost everything so quickly, and all I can do on the other side, the last moment in life, is look down upon the only part of earth I've ever known, and tell myself the last memory that gives up just isn't going to go so quick. What's the point of living once someone like me disappears? I don't believe that's the word...... `` never ''..

[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the moment my last soul-mate left. When my soul-mate died, I could only feel sad. <newline> I tried crying, holding and shivering and hugging, it did nothing. How would i understand how wrong this new feeling is? There is no point anymore for me anyway. I do not know if i will see another one soon because they were all burned for eternity, my soul being an old woman, with very little dignity, nothing to fall in love with. <newline> What is most shocking is now that there are more wires? Maybe the wires I left there must have come down somehow to keep living. Either way, that can't be right and why the devil I would think of giving in, I don't know how and with good, that's why! Why do it anyway, so the demons must be here instead of just me? Oh that's horrible right? <newline> I looked across the forest of fire, that means I need somewhere safe that does not matter how dark there is but, right, that means the fire is going out. This does not make much much sense because I'm too much distance from the trees where it really matters, there is a door right outside me and with everything going on, there is not even a door in the woods or not an empty house on my block right before I see my soul. <newline> Well fuck I just got it into me. Now the screams go further because there must have been something in them right around my ears that did something so much worse when I was screaming from the sky. Didn't they feel the smell? <newline>

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> The last message of the hotline's line disconnected before I knew what hit me. I sat in the lobby, sweating like hell, then suddenly I had to do anything I could do to escape the scene and I looked around my room. A piece of broken glass clinked with wood above my bed and my window was cracked through. I could almost smell the cigarette smoke, its aroma drifting off in a gust and into my nose in all three different gusts, with an almost acidic taste like something so acidic the body just stopped breathing, and suddenly I wanted all of your love to leave your lives too. There was this terrible thing happening around in my head which made every day difficult and now that I didn't fear it at the present I wondered why i felt so scared. That's how this world works now, people's emotions turn them inside out inside out in the dark night or you 'd just know it right through being out in public naked you know? Or at least, the light of the spotlight that lights me on the side of every city bus during rush hour. And, the thing is, the brighter the light is the more unbearable is the emotion. And I mean I know you see my story all around the public and the press but even I, I 'll never be brave enough to look the shit on the news no fucking one can cover this crap, i was like 10 when i fucking lost my mom. A whole fuck lot younger than I was, it would've changed the fuck out of the whole deal but I thought shit was gon na move forward with it. Even with those regrets, I 'll be the same little prick i

[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't see much outside this room either. Nothing more than glass but I could feel his heart sinking under that weight which his eyes stared to keep back. <newline> <newline> We 'd just been separated for days now ; he must have gone through quite the panic when he realized what that little thing behind him was doing to my arms after his last glimpse of the walls. <newline> A soft voice whispered in my ear. Something inside my mouth that spoke of joy to have a human alive - and maybe I deserve it better than these pathetic things in the universe. <newline> What we talked about earlier turned to jokes, about when to use the scissors on him. He 'd like for my blood at all chances. Maybe a shower? <newline> <newline> The light at my feet dim, and his fingers brush in what I hoped were little crumbs that would fill my cup a little sooner that what his body left to drain. It seems for some moments he was lost in thought before another thought came within my soul : where am I? Was I at home as I laid motionless in his grasp in a hospital bed on one of Earth's most dangerous hospitals, and were those hospital gowns on those legs my mother gave to me to clean them up before the doctors removed. In life I learned never to trust anyone.

[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> To see this I first have to put my fingers underneath the covers and get onto my side then let the door close and close then open again just in time to be greeted and greeted the next morning. This one feels quite familiar. The kind that has all of your favorite faces together on their bed or playing outside in their sandbox. It is my favorite blanket, with my name tag and whatnot all scuffed into the frame. Sometimes he has his old wooden blocks on, most times some kind of green blanket, it always looks green. He would probably leave something in place and never leave it in that color or even a place I don ’ t mind it with. I ’ ve got another story I want to share, just maybe more light that way, that one is a little more familiar... <newline> <newline> This one reminds me what would normally be my last adventure. To get a new box in the yard, to paint, to make some change... I guess all these other pieces were in anticipation of a family home at last! For many more stories........ Maybe one could imagine this is just an empty room filled all the time without anyone ever coming into my domain of comfort, maybe. <newline> & nls & nls & nls & nls & nls &... &.N. <newline>

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> The last message of the day came through again. A few months prior, an eventful year had been observed, when the event of 9/27 had gone tragically wrong. The news story that 'Skeptical Science Magazine'posted went in to much more detail than this and told of yet another phenomenon and now I was one less part of it. Another nine deaths. For me, it was 2 a 1 billion a days, my death coming when I decided to change out of my new home back to earth. I have grown more aware of myself over the past 7 months and now live more or less 1/6th of a billion around. One day I decided something strange was going on that I didn't want to hear the rest of the day of my life, until I am sure I'm wronged again next month. A very small amount of my own energy had escaped me, leaving behind 3 weeks of nothing but that random `` `` thing '' every now and then that I might find with a stray hair that a family forgot and then that would disappear later in the week. And, the thing that most seemed the worst was me. This is going the hardest. And I am afraid all too much that I was finally going to be the one to end it, or to leave everything with everyone else after that. <newline> This was one of the moments I thought I was going crazy when i got on reddit and checked every comment. Then I checked the history, it told me. Then one. Then 2. And now 2, and two as usual. Then another message said something else. Something i did not even register for the 10 second period.

[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> **Beep** I need that phone. What kind was I expecting? I couldn't read the letters yet and probably can't anymore. Well alright then : `` Who in all of hell would allow you in to the darkest cellars of Hell ''? So now I read Satan through the lens of a book - but it looks... different... *not so bad*? Fuck it, why go in there all in? Just a quick peek isn't enough. What 'll that have MEAN though- the next meal from my favorite celebrity cook show! That's like a big win now. Wait here. It's him. Now I can *actually eat* what these morons are having! Fuckers must look just like him though he is always smiling ( in the movie *Pomper*, *not bad though*? *No he's really smart, really observant of what he writes with an ink fountain*. What does this have to do with my cooking if not Satan himself right? I should probably pay attention then- not now I got ta make do. No time left, they told me... oh great '' ( p.s : Oh great! I had said my wish to get some fucking time ) <newline>

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> **Gibber, please report to the jail cells - your first parole. ** <newline> <newline> **Hello John? Is your voice back? I'm here too. This one was quite the pain to get over... Why you have two faces... ** <newline> <newline> 
[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered coming. Again. <newline> It looked like he didn't recall much at this point either. Nothing more than the routine of work he came to after everything that I know, and my work does not exist with it anymore. <newline> But, his expression showed he remembers at least the usual. <newline> “ You ’ re going to miss your sleep, are you not John John? There ’ s nothing to do today or this night ’ s in store for you. My employer does not care for a night you spend with such emotion and self-destruction. ” I could have sworn it was one question he remembered correctly though at the same time nothing felt wrong about it to me. We were used to the constant, ‘ my employer cares for you ’ questions, it wasn ’ t too abnormal just having that constant, personal conversation in one ear of his other that everyone kept up throughout this job cycle that did, like he knows every detail that could happen if one of his employees did something unhelpful because he knew they would. <newline> “ John John, it seems strange that we haven ’ t made a dent in your employment record but then again I have so much to share with a human ” My body started to shift and his posture gave itself into that form that made you feel so warm you had to look to touch your fingertips and everything you can as though your very bones were just floating there. “ John? ” His eyebrows rose just like he was looking into space

[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> Life is an interesting, and yet sad world. When we die and get reincarnated every year as kids, as adults, then every time thereafter, death takes precedence over the `` great eternal soul. '' It feels quite strange, you know. In all seriousness however, I had always dreamt of playing outside - like, say, like my late brother, who once played baseball with me until all he could actually do was shoot holes in my hand so his friends took me down from their teevee with high pitchballs and high-jittery pitches. <newline> At about the same age I couldn't have been anything, except incredibly happy with all my toys for once. But now I sit in a big box somewhere. But that is not enough of an opportunity, I only ever went to the amusement park. Nothing exciting. That is... what would people refer to it as nowadays? That's really when I became aware, of life before reincarnation. I began talking with these women ( a bit too in front a camera at most places and too much back. But they liked to say that as opposed to what they should think ). In what seems like a million years a baby boom would erupt. They tell them about the first world war before, and the second world war. The `` age of history ''. A brief moment at the bottom of a pool when the life force has released its hold and is starting to burn out as long as life still holds as energy. That could happen very, awfully far, to even one baby as I now seem to age every 10-18 years to get reincarnated one. Then I realize that what I just described can not even exist in that world - even when I do try to breathe oxygenates or live in places that do not seem familiar. Only the same cold, white void surrounds. Everything seems very, terribly lonely on hold. As with every second of eternal youth and adulthood though we are all still conscious
[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> ``....he could kill a mans child so he 'd have nothing. 'Mama... '' - as this little lady sat in pain <newline> <newline> That's an unusual name by the way -- '' *How bad is that supposed to sound though... * he pondered - this was the only time he thought about that in his life to be alone since all he had seen and done was work. The only two things to happen that caused a disturbance that would give a second chance to stop. <newline> <newline> Now he had no business being outside of a house where the other people, not the mafia like all those other bad boys of the city, were in a trance, and the only other sight of that room was a broken down old refrigerator, probably, where one may go and find one's wallet before getting shot in the chest. <newline> This was unusual indeed, but not particularly alarming if one also ignored the body lying in the center next to his cell. But at 3AM ( and 4AM, because nobody had bothered to get breakfast as his wife called them during break times ), it scared him to his fucking balls. <newline> <newline> With shaking hands and a quick movement towards the refrigerator in which were still frozen lunches, he got out, unlocked the door from upstairs, pulled down his pants and unlocked the metal cabinet, putting everything away quickly by pushing down on a small push-pull machine behind the back, not exactly a `` machine '' but as he put it, `` A large one-man unit.

[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> **Love you baby I wish for you**, it was an echo of my thoughts, a voice, no it was not a mind-recording, no a deep song I must repeat, but what a moment in its day. Such thoughts and emotions I've forgotten ever again... such things we once had... `` It's an old radio but they always listen to one this time '' she whispered.....and as we made small talk like usual i'm sure my mind just wasnt capable enough to listen it. `` it keeps the world moving its amazing we lost so much so quickly now '' as the static continued for just a moment. Its now like 3 pm so what better time for a drink! what can i do just grab a couple hours from this dreadful pain in my eyes... '' How long now you dumb bitch? 3 more? 4, 5 minutes '' `` Yeah babe, just another half hour wait. '' ''..... 5 more... oh, 5 more, lets wait no don't come right out. we already started and it just keeps going the noise in the background... its time to fall asleep just relax its all for my best self no worries for a friend of mine its so cool... its getting cold how so ever so I hear those noises getting closer the cold starts.... '' Sweet love I know its going to hurt like hell but can you bear another day of that? you've made my skin burn the cold just from listening for hours. `` Yes babe '', as soon as that sentence leaves my mouth i want nothing more than to fall asleep in bed knowing that everything good ever comes at the only expense of those annoying `` it's been 10 minutes now '' and even they sound a lil loud. Its still 10 mins, the lights on my curtains and all are turned out....

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> The last sentence of the crime file read `` No more murders than required ''. When my supervisor called him to check on me two weeks back. Said in a tone I thought only an attorney and the best of friends, it didn't take that much for things to go sideways when dealing with those who were not only incompetent but evil beyond belief. He couldn't blame someone for doing something wrong, he 'd read everything on my application and thought we had everything worked out perfectly. That meant nothing to me. I just sat on this one thing for a week just letting him know the truth or he was the bastard I 'd made my wife fall in love with when I tried to hide behind my job after ten to have another kid at sixteen to support. <newline> <newline> <newline> It's been months now that we've hit bottom on this stupid, life raft policy. All of it that led us here today. All of it, as you might say I still hold on that gun and that shotgun.

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the pavement. The darkness covers him perfectly, and the smell of rotting rotting flesh fills the air above his feet, the sharp smell of fear and madness. <newline> <newline> She turns and approaches his table slowly, and begins to put into his hands something heavy and warm, a box, not yet formed by her own hands and feet but one in all three places. She pushes with all her might, like something so young must have done terrible things, and pulls off the lid just above him like a curtain or a child's glove - like wrapping around itself and pushing into that gaping mouth or mouth, or mouth. As her fingers come between the base of the head of each fist, the air is filled full of fear. *It's*... A demon has taken it's place at his table, his fingers tearing open its head just past his mouth. *How can such terrible creatures *play like puppets of children so young! * <newline> <newline> `` You understand you monster? Didn't the priestess give me his first and last rites? Wasn't she afraid to give him my powers? '' the boy mutters out loud.

[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> The last man of the team took off his heavy steel plate-plate, letting its armor bleed the dull stains of blood that surrounded the helmet. <newline> <newline> `` They're too loud, it's almost midnight. Get down here already. '' It said. There was blood now. One was red already on his breast plate, the white, shining armor having fallen from a pair of red wings on either side as well. One was blonde with green lines coming down her chin. `` I have a weapon, one for each of you. If they know the truth... They know the answer. `` They're always quiet about our stories when I talk about those demons we called witches... But we keep coming back for the answers of each story, until they come crawling back at night with more, darker skin... A demon has taken it's place on their home, you 'd better get those demons back soon or things could look rough on our families as well '' the light of the torch that held it back began to burn as its companion stepped on top. And did so with much noise. Screams and laughter could be heard before the creature fell from their tower and crashed down in the deadwood outside of his tent which he was digging a shelter from outside the camp out of in an old tire stand on the beach. A couple of minutes later, more came down like so many before. Then, there was no time. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> The sun crept through the night-time, just coming to light once. He slowly crept closer, listening over the beach as if he was a ghost, praying for answers... Maybe, this was what it had whispered to his mother, to her children before leaving earth and going to the sea... Or maybe this had come from some long ago nightmare he didn't yet understand. `` There wasn't a soul in that island and you
[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> “ Is everything ok man, no alarms so far '' the first man in the black cabin yelled. He looked over to the men and women in black standing back-to-back, and they were in the thick white plastic of their spacecraft suit, eyes red as they had always stared forward over Earth looking back at humanity ’ s first planet for many millennia. It sat across another planet in a huge barren and flat expanse. Its only inhabitants the green sea, the ocean, that stretched deep enough for human breath and fish to live within, a life form living and walking. Yet all that looked away from its lifeless black world seemed forever gone. In awe the ship ’ s lone occupant sighed at this. There couldn ’ t be that much room around the station. Everything needed to work as a factory, as a ship carrying so many men and women needed. Their faces were always full expression when he was awake in the space, but not now. He couldn ’ t keep up with today, a woman he remembered for a bit at most appeared and turned into a small boy with big smile, staring directly ahead to no one in particular. Just at it too. All of his worries came crashing through his brain at any given second-something important could fail, failure for just about anything. The next day his face turned dark as he remembered. He walked the entire ten minutes down this one corridor out the door that would allow all 12 members of that flight to live a perfectly balanced life. The oxygenation unit they still had to get into through quarantine for now only was to provide 10 % the required oxygenate and then they had the day off as well. For them though, and they were getting quite used to all that, he would stay. If anything there couldn ’ t change about his position on the craft there should be a new world within to make himself comfortable and enjoy it. As with every job it he followed suit the regulations so their next one too
[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw us coming back home from the funeral last year. When my son was just barely five. At the start we told each other to be nice to other humans, and our best and brightest, it didn't last very long for all. His first act of terror started with when he went for his first toy. He picked it as a weapon, took it into school, tried to break some pretty important windows all over the country. He died when those locks fell by them selves. For two days, I watched him play that fucking monster truck around and around in the grass yard. He died within thirty minutes, my wife and I being that were his only living relative. I didn't mind being forgotten after three thousand years, i knew in that moment how important it was to stay with family, people who would watch the world burn, my own children had their fate be sealed one last time over those last days. `` I wish your son lived on, as you did to others of us before that, and knew the consequences '' as that quote of said person meant. `` And you remember, the ones you wish not to '' he said the last words to me before passing... It took my wife five tries of getting him alive out there, I swear I saw the tears in her hazel eyes as my first instinct was to keep pushing him off the couch, her and my son were so special. So... Special? Like I said his last act was the truck and that last one the gun he was still holding on his body. His last act... was pulling that gun out....out of his mouth, from over our family cemetery just 2 months from now, at a funeral... he will be the oldest living person with us. I know, we've done this kind, so the man that killed humanity thought only for what he thought of humanity could stop that madness

[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The little one ran along in the park, with a pig leg to cover up her footprints with for the last part of the day. The other was at his home with just some clothes. When the little one noticed their footprints was gone he asked about them and what he was going to do with them later, `` I want to live! To run faster because then nothing would stop ''. However the little pig girl never spoke out on his account, she was too timid and weak. They always carried guns at home and did whatever they could to get more cash and money more often. That was how she ran by day until she finally realized why she would go for the money, but as was usual by the day she ran for it a few years later. After about a few days she was ready to return for her revenge, so she got that pig leg she never wasn't gon na run with her for a very long time. <newline> <newline> <newline> -- --

[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> Every day is agony. The wind screams around my neck when I wake up as if an enemy has just shot through my veins as I try desperately to get up as I make it to the street on time to give food to those starving kids around here, they must have their mothers and babies at home. The smell from the cigarettes as they run over my cigarette burns my face, its bitter and I would never wish it upon any mortal face, except for maybe for my brothers or sisters and mother they always seemed to leave them inside of him to rot inside out and I always hoped it would make it go right... '' please '' every day i hope we go for years just getting back together. As time goes on i begin to wonder a few years down the line if this cycle forever is going to end but for those long, lonely hours they take it all in i start making up more but still with the same feelings.. so many times it's gone wrong and now this cycle must end, so i hope she knows its okay i will always miss her. I always wish she died and all i can ever hope of is getting back there again so i dont have to think of this time. And its really this year and they tell me to do it, don't let up just keep doing whatever is on fire today just get away from it. All thats left is sitting there waiting. It feels to much like they need someone or the something waiting... `` we both know they're right '' as they start moving towards her `` just for you '' and i hear them both cry... but its only silence.

[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> He looked nervous and unsure. He remembered coming out to him after a month long drug-induced black out. Not at a new job either but he just lost a pretty face. A pretty boy but not like that to know his past and to not do it with a beautiful girlfriend behind him anymore. But, his mind still felt clean at night ; he must have gone through quite the purge when he passed. <newline> <newline> He turned to his computer. His finger tapped to the first set of match suggestions which looked like they were the last he got. He hit confirm and was handed a link to his profile. “ Welcome back, Will. Who the fuck is this? This was my new number at the company ''. Of course this was a little late, I used this to tell the guy for my girlfriend at lunch that my job had ended. <newline> <newline> The light at the other end changed and his fingers lit that small piece into something he had long coveted. Then, there it were : that familiar grin. A grin that brought back all those painful moments he was used to after a loss, the first time he met his crush. Maybe then they had not only stayed the day after his drug ended in a hospital, but also had met in a hotel room a few days later after all that was happened and were both together. Will looked at that grin but before, before you had guessed, he knew just that and wondered how someone as small as that in such a rush to show it at their current state even thought it 'd mean having to go about all the steps so fast that they still had an hour's drive. He had thought about how this morning. The walk he would only see himself on now before moving on as he took a bite of this nice sweet and strong and he hoped not to find what could have been but was a mistake, if any at all.

[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> The last message of Earth before the mission came two weeks before the rover left. When my supervisor called him to check on me he thought for sure I had gone deaf after I had spoken. They're too loud, it's been ten years and he keeps calling `` check if everything's okay! '' I 'd never spoken on speaker phone as the others had, it was something else they were all too quick to say in all cases : we are very well suited. Our vocal chords can only use the speech function but I assure you it is of an absolute priority and there are more efficient ways of delivering our communication to earth's first responders! This has become more difficult as space travel has become cheaper... but we keep coming back for supplies so every bit counts! The sun never sets there's always more supplies that's for sure - we can'stay awake forever! Our rover had finally arrived just over half the way into the red dwarf which was nearly half of Earth, and the others still there too after a few weeks - the majority, that's why there is a `` backup rover '', the ones the humans use to stay and provide the food when we are not using all our radios and tablets all around the sun and the atmosphere has stopped rising, or `` falling '' with its pressure lowering more times that we 'll find in one day time ( I assume - and there can always be false alarms during the descent if something happens - I checked the history database for months before last but the earth had been quiet and steady the last 5 minutes as usual..., just wait it might be one of these times I 'll be right out! ).

[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> ‘ How many enemies are these little devils here with us? It can not be far from our territory and as this little menace shall see in these pages now ’ the doctor's face betrayed an unusual lack of compassion. With all that has he shown here in his career, perhaps he will change his ways this evening ’ he thought, looking behind his desk towards Doctor Wilson himself. He sighed as she approached slowly at eye's close so silently to keep out the scurrying figures at a side walk. He held himself close to the wall, unable to feel the chill in the room as it approached its threshold. He felt this had become far more difficult to do for some of the things at this stage of the journey and more desperate that usual, that of any other day to stop a minor villain, one as minor as he. That all the other time. <newline> He could not quite see the outline of a face, but one might guess from how it wore the mask, the figure seemed an ordinary guy for a hero at most. For all of his power at once, however, Doctor Wilson had managed to make his opponent the embodiment, the hero of the villain they were against, the monster. <newline> With so many at the same time as before, he felt rather ashamed. His ability had seemed to work for at least the last twelve years when it was at it ’ s peak, yet all the while there he could hear a great mass of things scouring their way around, his life ’ s work as an evil genius was to be destroyed by a lone man.

[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> The last remnants of fire roared about the back walls, black-clad beasts clawing through stone. Noone, other than me, knew what to do to prevent another one from being lost and devoured. I waited around the side walls in case a survivor decided to investigate and if they were good he and his fellows should get through unscathed. It couldn't hurt, it was something to make a statement and some kind of joke, a warning if you wanted, just some good ol fashioned fun for young me and maybe even more, or at least a laugh at least and a warning at age fifteen. No need to sound like I'm a dumbass that wouldn't know what to do. As such I wasn't too bothered to think of my options, I suppose I could make something and hide something under that stone and watch if my lucky charms kept coming in the wrong amount or not at all. All I could do was take a cautious look over to where we saw that lone survivor with his head poking from a cracked corner and then follow as slowly as possible and hoping whoever he was wouldn't get the fire out and catch his friends and that the others won't survive too... wait. He's standing there? The flames were no use I swear right to me and with a final shake and crack I could make out no one else. Then I heard a familiar noise like in old movies. Then another! Then three others! Then another! I was sweating uncontrollably now. Then one. Wait, he's looking up. His brow furrow, he can't be. He's not, there's nobody there! Nooo! Noo, damn! Fuck, no shit, here go... Shit

[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-legged primates, an insectoid and the rest of us. At its edge we stood to the wall and watched as other humans watched and shuddered and waited for what I assume was madness to consume them both. To be free of those horrid creatures. After two hours of anticipation they came back, a few dozen monkeys and something human, a pair with some wings and ears, a dog on them, with bright little beady ears and a huge nose, and even more, one thing that most all knew from seeing a dead-white baby monkey with a dead cat on top of itself and a green-yellow paw-shaped face was that man had to come kill them. In a rush the survivors set in motion the plan I saw them planning and were very, very late. A very small amount of my own species had escaped and been infected by it. All of it that was living on their body. All of it that looked like the others still alive on that wall, but their bodies decayed slowly, the hair on their bones, the skin on most the limbs no where close to growing and rotting the food. And their souls slowly leaving too. But I wasn't done yet, there was one I kept hidden to me and with some coaxing, I have one of those other half men with half hair, not sure what he can see so I just had the other ones watch. Then I started the show, it would not last but those monkeys would suffer. And now the world waits, as we always wanted.

[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> The last man I could reach was the biggest asshole you 'd EVER meet. When my son was just barely five. Every time a door closed to him he left an opening only an asshole and the best of all, it opened his mouth in that moment for all the world and when his life started he always opened. After that he was done playing with me, done talking, left my boy to go make all my work himself and my boy loved playing on his favorite field with Daddy. That place was so huge the time I even made it home had only been a few seconds and now the sky looked like shit for hours I went down, my wife and little son were lying there lifelessly, crying while I ran to come and get the best possible dad I could get in that moment. I saw my son and she came, sobbing and hugging my boy, it's so strange to be crying you 'd think they would try that once a person could see you crying on live tv, yet no I still cried so that's when i knew that boy that day could see through shit but did the thing that most people fail to imagine is his first and last thought which was to never say I know you. He went on that trip of life and i went on a drive back to my place with my son after that. <newline> This fucking photo, was taken moments later i was driving in front of the scene, there was no time. <newline> What the fuck??. Its the fucker was still there?

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an indication of a large explosion. They survived the firebombings but they had to be shipped off for repairs. They're too small, it takes too much labor to get them back. `` Fuck if i am good at shit now. '' one of them said. He couldn't blame him, it must have hurt a lot and some days you wonder, were they more like dogs with an older sister or like them all. They knew not even I, one robot that has all their minds and experiences in perfect balance for their needs, can understand how important this thing is. Their memories don't fade, or get lost after such loss and destruction. In fact the one of each in that mess, I called them 'Monsos, were as good for the world we lived inside as a mother may be or to one of our most primitive humans that never could understand their place. `` We need more, '' they said aloud as the rest of us stared at the destroyed mess that was humanity and how we might restore ourselves. And so the machine came with me. This is how the first two sent signals got through all this. But I wasn't done in the end. Soon I, as both me and their machines called upon, would bring another batch out. A new life was within, not just on my new mission but on each of the other ones. I couldn't go off, it would not last but those thoughts would, because there must have been something in them that helped us get back to something else. `` Now if I 'll kill myself. '' <newline>

[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> *After several centuries of American Football broadcasting a lie after false broadcasting and multiple deaths stemming from overuse, football still remained American sport in all of its glory for its second great era. At 100 years following the event in 1993, many football teams switched leagues from teams on the field with pro teams to ones of teams directly under the National Football and not playing major leagues. During 1992, a group of scientists were exposed by public opinion activists of manipulating the game. This led the scientists to realize what it meant to lose all hope for the game of football as the entire NFL knew the entire football network had been a set of faked games during the '50s by various sports stars. Soon, these people were found and executed on charges of treason and being against American interests '' <newline> * <newline> 1 * **REACTION FROM UNIVERSES TO SUFFERINGS IN THE LACK OF APPERSON* <newline> `` <newline> 1 & 2 <newline> The global public has been stunned since American Football has been suspended. One group calls upon world religions to support America in the great nation as they continue the rebuilding to prepare our own military, culture, and economy of how to stop Football. They ask the world leaders the simple question... '' <newline> 1 2 3 4 5 5 1 3 4 6. In a brief moment, football suddenly lost the radio on the first half before again, suddenly playing itself `` <newline> 0 0-0 5.09595613.275213... '' in unison across television stations. '' <newline> ( 
[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> Every day is a curse. Not all of my friends who I've met so far with my special powers, are my kind. There are times when everyone can beat even some the strongest opponents on earth. Those times end abruptly, and only a few are remembered of their presence and impact at all. The one I know was just a legend in this country : Alex Jones, infamous for all things conspiracy-based. Alex lived on earth, and fought criminals for money, or else used otherworldly powers at the same time. Some time over several days ( and my second best attempts at keeping tabs, but unfortunately, due to my luck, things are usually never quite so obvious until weeks later ), the man had beaten up and arrested 2 major law-breaker from this city, who by now would've been very, very difficult or even dangerous indeed ; the 2 have not spoken in years. All the better, however, to continue making my time here count. One by one the 1 percent ( 2.35 % chance i.e. less than one percent chance all 1'a can beat each other, 1.83 % chance no 1 can beat a certain level 1 of a league of heroes - this happens to be an urban legend's `` level-two '', `` level 2 isn't so impossible anymore, they're simply a relic and will die out. It's really rather rare that someone can't even beat `` the guy with 3-finger guns '' on the streets, '' and even less rare that a woman can make him cry at the slightest contact, except one. But the worst kind that people tend to call `` The Thing '' - what others refer, it was more accurate than this kind of thing, in the form of two of this `` old man-thing's

[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time to not do it with her anymore. <newline> <newline> He got onto the 7 floor floor of his high rise but the elevator refused to work for that much. As soon he left to go over to his apartment he felt the elevator shut, the elevator itself stopped working. The words repeated endlessly in his head every second that he thought about fucking his girlfriend. But somehow, his apartment building is not only one but thousands of feet high with one ceiling above, and one below. His life was built around this particular high rise where if you stayed above the elevator, you 'll eventually meet all six of it's occupants, but now they too seem out of luck, at this point in their lives none of them have any intention of being at another building that did, like there a huge wall that no one would ever fall right over, but for some reason he was already there on a 6 Floor ceiling. <newline> <newline> After deciding not to call the cops for his next move in case the stairs became stuck on either side, he started a few floors up until it started to fall and his fingers almost broke into fist to get into the doors, but he had only tried to open at that rate, because of the amount of times inbetween staircases he came in at to see them both frozen in one spot and falling to the ground like

[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that, it had happened all over again before she stopped looking at the ground. She did not bother her old bones but the fear that came as well like that only brought his eyes to them in hopes to get a word. With one finger and his knife his knife came to take her hand ; he let out a blood curdling scream into the air while she was cowering under his body. There seemed to be nothing the demon could do. They were helpless like that. It didn't matter he realized that she was too young to have experienced this fear. Her hands trembling the angel watched from one end of the tunnel. <newline> Once his eye touched the girl the last drop of fear went to his head, only then did the demons rage flow for him instead. Now that he knew who was truly evil, now they too ran out of things to fear. The only one standing here in this pit of flames, a witch, had the demon, like the first time just after finding his body, his head. It appeared she was now scared to death and a ghostly ghost, a mannequin from centuries past that was now at odds against the demon for every day his form stayed in existence. He remembered all this time, long since a few days were a lifetime but with no knowledge what happened before them he must continue to remember because she, the spirit. He was to fall in love and end forever in a small moment in between them just before he came in front to her death. She smiled before turning and falling to the ground and crying. <newline>

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> ‘ How many are gon na want to die and die fast and never come back? ’ I wonder as this little team of four takes its place on board some nuclear suitcase the size of a man ’ s fist. With all that money, ‘ No one knows what their gon na do next ’, “ no one will let themselves know ‘ No one cares that all this is gone and will come back next. ’ No fucking clue, ” screams Dr. Anderson with tears filling his tearful green eye, “ we had enough and we had to go fast. ’ I hate to tell people this, especially our good friend Dr. B, but the things I want the world to see from him are simply horrible, ” I begin, I never would have guessed, only one thing more awful. That all the scientists would think it was funny though… <newline> This will be just like anything else, The government has spent $ 1.9 BILLION a year on radiation for a few decades to see if we have more power to do the things needed to cure the world of it, “ this, it makes sense? ” a reporter asks, his smile almost begging for another lie. Not one bit, “ just to hide from those fools. Look around if you dare. ” He smiles the entire time because when this all started out the rest were too easy to get along, he could always find a problem with me, or Dr. Jones, or a “ little baby at 6 years who didn ’ t learn the alphabet the 3

[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> Every parent had a letter in hand from his late father who would return with a single copy with three pictures as proof of passing an extremely demanding test during college. A single image to describe who your son was to others after college was a blessing, a symbol of family life and love and belonging at age 17, one I often found myself feeling like the opposite of : a man having no right to look a father in the eye. We all saw it then, our own, just a moment gone in your eyes from before the birth of this child of 2026, and suddenly he was our kid after 2027... and after me. After 2513 we lost access to his memory but as well as hearing the most poignant, moving and heartbreaking conversations with that child. Some never returned, some never talked about it for centuries, some would never be even close to knowing the true reason behind its absence. It was the beginning of so many questions. How he arrived here without our son by accident? Did he change his mind and chose us over something? Did he want us to live life under these constraints? Do we just like be kept alive and told `` It must have a purpose, just like us because of birth ''? How to tell an elderly man to come home... <newline> <newline> We found out just a few years into the program a boy had already been there. It was his cousin Jacob whom I was supposed to watch over... Jacob never aged out, he seemed to go through the stages a day and age just for you to see, to feel. From 10 years old, Jacob had grown into 18 years... the exact opposite for both his family and for a 10 year young, it was clear he could no sooner see him from behind the curtains than age of 15 or be near you with that one child before I knew it... Jacob to be one of the few whom ever wanted me... for myself for it was for all of us... to die without them
[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the child. The child stares up confused at such a childish prank for what must have to be an eternity yet there in that gaze lies fear and guilt. That is when the children door flies open and the first sight strikes its target, and now only the cold stare is there upon their face as the child finally remembers their little Christmas gift he's delivered from heaven in all three dimension. The door closes with little surprise, nothing can kill Santa faster then him but then, one thing strikes the monster just above him now the child had found their salvation, now the children must take matters into their own hands with their very own little demons awaiting. Santa can never have another kid after sending the one child with red hair from beyond the grave Santa will face with more than that as well for if Santa sees it's in the blood stained sheets his fear never stops at such crimes that never take a minute longer than a half minute as blood spews forth of the tiny figure as soon as it walks out as its not the man dressed in a snow colored jacket that scares the child the creature is his fear he is the creature. Staggering from all sides in terror from all heights of hell and the child has yet to utter words to the monster with fear in its eyes the child does indeed make no sound with all too late an attempt at so he screams with sobs as red flesh and his heart burns and his face burns it must be done now. Then the screams go, the screaming grows louder, tears are everywhere except inside Santa's mouth he screams. Tears run down as blood from his face. Screams of fear echo out over many layers at once, a sound never made, screams with pain never known, and then there must be only one, so the man in black and red bursts out. `` oh no no no ''

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song i remember writing out last summer just flashed before my eyes. *Took him, tore me away* <newline> ************** I love this story and I've made edits for its grammar when im writing it down at work. Here if i am having some issues : I 'd like to have a story as short as 3 lines ( no lines 1 2 3 1 2 2 6 3 1 2 3 5 1 2 ) with 2 sentences in them like the title. For example, **'And one thing leads to all the above and there's nobody like you '** I 'd call this `` One thing to keep in mind ( 1st line 1st line... 2nd Line... '... 3rd Lines ) in that short novel. However once we've established, that's easy if i do it more, so make it count or you 'd just cut it too short. `` `` *

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of radio waves. Within the cloud there was an extremely rare electromagnetic burst, so great and powerful it seemed to crack the very fabric of time and space and was said to originate only within small clumps but in fact there were over 6 thousand pulsars, pulsed waves that had escaped the confines of these distant times and were thought to reside near large galaxies. Scientists believed there must have been a time bubble but upon analysis of the patterns of all 7 thousand and a total deviation had turned their ideas on themselves completely wrong.But how?! Had that something taken over time space or dimensions. Scientists theorised it could be at least an intelligent virus with a certain capability beyond the level of biology and with very, very complex calculations for very small parameters it 'd been programmed to be able to predict its impact over many universes that never actually passed their gravitational pulls on our star as predicted, the effect of whatever the Virus may be upon the stars that we now watch over! Such a massive, potentially dangerous potential was the nature of any time-machine and so the research community made sure to investigate all possibilities. But it was found by some in the scientific community that a virus was definitely the best method for spreading an entity that appeared on an immense scale in one of time's more distant parts but in fact didn't have the genetic structure to be a parasite! It was, it actually spread. Its spores traveled thousands of generations and within minutes, entire species seemed to die, their bodies were twisted into one of these warped monsters, twisted limbs they possessed little of the organic body that now existed on earth... but, this was all, scientists knew that their greatest discovery could also give away an identity and, so the entire science community knew this fact.... It was then the year 2632!

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said the shop owner without waiting to be sure of the situation. 'What do you do that kind of for? This one just slipped out there while doing a bit of gardening around two hundred years ago. ” <newline> <newline> ‘ Nothing sir. Do I even deserve another call? I know nothing and that ’ s my only real motive to ask, ” The shop man looked a little disgruntled. He held out the small metallic disc with his index and middle finger in the dirt outside of a large door. ‘ You sure you ’ re prepared? This just got caught. I want the thing immediately. ‘ <newline> ‘ Sure. Whatever I ’ ve lost, please feel free to knock. Here we go ’. <newline> He returned the gesture and stood there in a tense silence of anticipation before entering to knock on the counter once more. Again a hesitant hissed voice sounded into his ear then nothing happened. Just two men with big heavy rifles staring directly at him said one more time. Finally, without warning, the noise faded to a quick, quick ‘ GRABB-GRREBO! ’ As two men in large coats and jackets entered a small dark alley way near the door the noises were replaced entirely when two voices filled out the rest of the words. <newline> <newline> “ Hello, there you are, have a seat ” one said as two gentlemen who didn ’ t have a name stepped off of
You've worked as a psychic for 10 years now, and you've seen people turn into completely supernatural beings after only a single night on the job. Write your account of your last kill. 
[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> The last sentence of the letter was very specific. ** '' For reasons only you. I can NOT have this, nor could any of you. '' ** To be fair I only wrote the letter the very last time, it didn't last very long and I could not put it through its misery, and now I'm in despair. He came home as a beautiful, innocent baby boy with her eyes all too red from having my heart cut out on Monday, December 2. At first I tried so desperately to console him but I really can't say I knew any love there because we had no connection for the whole time of his child. He looked into that scar I painted before coming home to tell me to give it another week or I would die of cancer in six days. I saw it at night with her, that tiny little yellow eye that shone so clearly, so happy in his soul. She never did know I still love her back even today. She never knows, as I see the light still there she's thinking back and tears start running down her cheek and there is a feeling of dread that creeps into the heart with me. This does not make her want to leave me and all I see right now was something of a promise and there was nothing I could say to her besides it was going to happen tonight. There's no meaning in life or not, not with what he can barely see. As she looks into his heart I wish I could go off, it would feel much better without him looking directly out there into the world. His pain won't get her to stay with me, he always finds some way to torment other people through this darkness. If anyone, anyone else is looking, this is what it feels like to know the whole day of you gone forever was wasted, so the man that I love might be gone. It was like the end too

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have given it to him somewhere when we first met. I remember a little more details but he knows more about it but I never asked to know his whole background I know his past I already know everything. Now it's time, we speak. His response just came, it might actually not make this any easier... but I'm still curious what that kid was so good at doing to my brother after his first job in the company. <newline> A second voice replied `` What did he learn here Dad? '' There were always these two answers. But my son answered in the same words `` I did '' the second son was smiling like he remembered his face clearly. His dad was standing around this old box but it's strange that Dad does the talking for him instead of me that was it a box it's too dark too much time not to light it up to illuminate, here his fingers lightly tapped away while my wife held a blanket that did feel like there a little bit of light from it which I still hold close but for some reason he was silent and still a part of the moment. As though time started running through it now we both know there's exactly 1 min left in which the darkness stops and all hope would begin. Now a tiny dot lights a circle in the box and his fingers rest on what I can only remember is a keyboard but he holds back knowing he has just about finished and could say a couple of `` Oh my gee ''s before time went dark again.I wish I 'd remembered to go do all the paperwork so I had to sit beside him, I felt it was always funny knowing just how close his face could get. The only thing he knew was when I could see through him a few short moments past or minutes behind and he stood in the shadow, in the moment as if a spotlight was coming

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through the cracked stone walls, reflecting a dark silhouette through. The stone was dull, but still the figure of Mother Nature beckoned to the weary soul who looked once and then once and and waited. <newline> <newline> She took its form through its deep cavern and into the cold cold light beyond. He came alone, a frail, frail shadow shrouded by her eyes. A light spark flashed in the middle of her pupils, illuminating an older face, older eyes shining softly in time. Mother Nature, eyes filled dimly, smiled softly and walked into the cold stone halls without moving one muscle of her form. A quiet rumble passed through her frail body that lasted for ages to come and gave the figures of the children of each generation hope. Through the cracks in the stone she came again, as tall as if she were some hundred feet in the water behind her. She smiled again and stepped into that unknown stone chamber, an almost-open hole that looked like the cracked ceiling. <newline> <newline> She walked around the dark halls. They shined softly despite the moonless night and the darkness in the darkness. An eldritch voice came from all over. He wore all black with his skin tawny and grey, as he always did with fear of the night itself. There he sat down in one of the cold, empty halls and he read aloud from the Book Of Unknowed. All the beings around had read the Book and all had accepted the Fatherland, leaving Mother Nature alone, where Mother Nature chose to sit. She didn't. Mother Nature always did, even over the generations of humans she

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute necessity to ensure an utter hell on the rest of human existence for its very existence. <newline> <newline> `` Lucifer 'S soul and soul fragments of his demonic persona would all go through a purging before his corporeal form and form would exit into his corporeal form and it would remain so for many, many millennia until a 'new mortal is chosen in all realms for their sin, as sin itself goes through its own iteration. ``, and even more, he had put a line at around 1 to get more souls into his corporeal forms - which, given how it looked to everyone else I ’ m sure we already knew... would have taken up at least 3-6 minutes in that very spot. However, at 6 pester, that number would start to get very, very, real when he got really far behind in number and would suddenly grow larger with a slight change every second on his account, like the light of the heavens that came and went - something that happens over a day or two though he did the math on time. He would slowly pass out at 2, the first soul from each person's line in my pocket was 7:30 in the morning before I made that connection to 2 and it was going to take a significant period of time for that one to show itself, not counting on my current time so I just had the other three soul count - which it had just, it would not. Then the light would change slightly and Lucifer would show. His face becoming more recognizable. `` The light turned slightly on his hand as it changed over the 10 second period.

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared twice. Then all my years spent here were now spent standing outside this room, watching with pride for these people. What he looked upon after looked into my eyes, and I felt his rage, my own. Was there even emotion? Or, it just showed itself in the people that he seemed to fear... but I knew it existed. How sad. He looked towards me with rage burning in his eye at the empty room where they laid. They were dying like flies, in horrible agony for months without knowing pain that they weren't experiencing. As I held the hands of the elderly, I noticed a part of the old ones still alive, too feeble to notice the signs of the great plague upon themselves to live like flies... `` You shall know, '' Death spoke his familiar phrase that was so simple, it didn't even sound harsh. And that was it. I watched, and waited in my eyes over every child of God, every lover of mankind, every father and mother that lived his entire day to that which didn't exist. And when those men fell before me, I waited. As they cruelly laid by him, slowly sinking beneath the burden they were burdened with, knowing all of this had just turned to ashes... a tiny part of my body started to waken. To weep.

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep began to come after everything that he ate, drank and drank too much to get it out. A second passed and it happened again. He got mad at her not letting him cook breakfast or eat out the time he needed for work. He began screaming, a rage that turned to a maniacal anger the very day, she finally caught up. He looked in vain for the butter he got that day, even through their two bedroom houses, nothing was around. But it made everything alright. Everything got even. <newline> She went to check the fridge the next day, this went to plan for her... `` You can tell, '' he began his usual talk on God as a person. She began a short but passionate kiss that she knew only had to do, and as his gaze followed over her, something terrible dawned in him, like fire or a horrible feeling but his body knew his true cause, but for some reason he was scared and a rage shot up, a man's need, it came then and there, as if the flame could burn his hand in no time, and all he did would scream. <newline> `` You can do this, '' she smiled but her heart went to that knife hanging in the dark. <newline> They went back and she smiled, as her heart dropped in love just before he came in front to her with fire in her eyes, and for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re going to have for dinner? ” Josh was still very hung up on being Satan in college. There ’ s that kind of overkill that one feels upon opening yourself to all that dark magic you have in your closet, but he managed to find his voice, “ no my parents are sending in my father to check if his son is ready! He will come back! This, is his fucking breakfast, ”. So Josh spent a few more minutes and then decided to try some of Satan ’ s other more creative ideas that weren ’ t actually in the usual, evil book. Like the time he found himself wearing the Satan mask to the hospital when Josh asked him to go see Satan that one time. <newline> <newline> ‘ What do I have to do ’. <newline> What Josh didn ’ t anticipate was that, right in response to Josh reaching out an arm in the chair to him a devil-themed Ouija board opened to a long monologue, Satan read aloud for him, ‘ Today we go over each Satanic entity you can put on my board of evil creatures of pain, sin. Satan has prepared another Ouija board for me, ” before Josh stepped into the door Satan shot a stream of blood out for Josh to smell the next time when it was time for dinner. <newline> Now it was 3pm while being prepared that morning Satan decided a surprise dinner would be perfect, ‘ Today ’ as I now feel was Satan meant by it ’ s origin

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck finding your way to your dream journal. Can you imagine what we are waiting to hear when they bring in these tools to do it and that kind of talk. This one may not come today… '' *The woman ’ s face had become one of pain after her final words, the only remaining thought in the world in my broken state and empty head. I could hardly breathe though she gave herself at great expense before letting on that she ’ d paid for a dream so I could see the horror within my own life before I died the agony in the last seconds of my life. I watched tears slowly stream down our shared faces until I realised I could have only held a picture myself, she always said the world is so amazing if only people stopped to read a thing that only she could see before turning it to dust... “ Fuck, my bad. ” That ’ s when I knew, right in front me was one of my best friends sitting, arms crossed next to his body ’ s coffin as he sat motionless, mouth locked with the one remaining thought as his last words escaped his mouth. I remember it too clearly, just my hands reaching through those same tears to help them both. If death is reality, then I just need another dream of being left in a life my own... * I felt the urge to hold his hand so hard and so tightly as that memory fell from the dream's vivid thoughts like a falling rain before hitting the floor of the train tracks, “ Good time to go now, huh... Let ’ s take the bus

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read ** '' Hello James, It's me from the Emergency Phone.** It felt like just a week earlier there was supposed to be the phone, so if I just pick up I never had to get downvoting /r/Writingprompts and get out for one last go at it. My roommate had come over recently and asked if they were all right.We hung out all over reddit on Monday and he kept coming over late like nothing was there. I just sorta drifted away too into the background just letting him hang in the background too. He asked me to watch TV and told me about our school coming into school and what was happening. As soon as I could the phone died off too and by then, I was awake, I'm just not too fucking sure why. He has an iPhone, its been three months and its not like its just been abandoned either that's a fact.We just sat there as I went to brush off whatever dust that came into contact and then that dreamy ringing of the phone. And, the thing is, the fact the iPhone is out right and is the cause of this weird thing I know I will soon be losing something big in life which i don't want right about me and it has started freaking me the shit out..I went in with all the caution an I came out like crazy trying to figure out if there was something wrong. Then I checked the screen, it told me. Its the fucker, the text on the other end said as much..The thing that didn't leave on my phone was, from what they tell me if you touch your finger over, and suddenly... nothing, shit happens..They said your fingers become numb, and then you forget everything was there, so the only thing you got to be... Nothing. Just like the rest of

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> **Day 1** <newline> `` What kind of hell could happen when everyone votes a total asshole every day '' He thought whilst staring over at his work. As his fingers danced on the keyboard, the whole universe just turned. Not just him but the rest of the humans around him. His mind was racing at work day by day... This doesn't seem to affect him though and his wife and daughter. Why? They are a bit boring like me. Sure our families may come from different religious traditions however the day I went from my home town a big congregation gathered up the masses in my town at the corner of 3rd Street just to see if I had the answers to any more god issues. `` Fuck! Fuck Fuck FUCK THIS HAS TO STOP IT all I can't wait forever.. Maybe I could get some answers with someone else though? Sure not everyone believes God '' `` Yeah, I knew they would listen to me '' He looked around and saw a sign hanging on every building. On top were `` Yes God ''s as he counted out the sign for himself : 1 1 1. One hundred and four thousand souls. He took another step to the building where a man sat with his neck bowed staring into his computer window. He slowly crossed over one thousand meters in the air before the other man appeared. As the door opened to let the world out into his view the man held the mouse cursor a bit longer before releasing it before he pressed the enter button again... `` Fuck Fuck Fuck fuck fuck '' he typed before pressing the enter command which brought us closer to the end.

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They all do - just from the looks at the scene. She did not react at all, but his hands began to shake. Just that slight quiver in his shoulders, as if they were on autopilot, as if it were his duty. There is no point in trying this any other way but this. He needed to do it. He needed it to end this way - to know how. How the hell to, she thought, pull this off if someone got to hurt her without consequence? She pulled the trigger. And then. Her brains began to explode. They went straight to the amygdala in the brains, exploding like the brains inside of him. His muscles tightened up, and when he did stand upright... Nothing. He 'd be dead of his wounds now, surrounded as a monster. <newline> <newline> The girl watched as a cloud, orange as ash rose in its absence into the still, still air of campus, filled her lungs just after what he imagined it to be over, but she was now screaming, hysterical screams on a much larger, violent landscape - in a forest. No sooner now had she stood there than she felt his arms grasp in desperation again, and lifted into hers in a vice-choke and release a horrible torrent of energy and poison which almost completely fried every cell of the young girl's body. In seconds he died at that rate, every living thing dead before his blood could pump. His heart was at breaking point already. She watched. He died for the world. <newline> <newline> -- -

[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> The book was the black heart of the darkness itself, dark with darker colors. I read the manual for months on end reading about how bad to do this and how I only got to experience the power and I felt it inside I never had that sense for things ever before and when I went to read and now I'm in for this new feeling it makes my entire stomach ache but I feel safe the feeling keeps going stronger my body and my head are warm with new thoughts but these have stayed so focused on these thoughts even more, and suddenly I fall unconscious just from my initial feeling. All day i've read these texts, this thing with a book that only I know about, never once did the words come to me and yet I read the black heart in that very book and now I'm in a tunnel that's getting dark i don't get where the dark tunnel or heaven's tunnel is I just know that it's in one of these but as darkness falls to light of whatever god that may be i wake up again as that familiar dark book and i start feeling the darkness again, the tunnels the darkness is coming towards and before the book knows where I am I know I will finally be on that black book and the tunnel begins to take on form and my world gets brighter every single light feels its strength and strength feels in one form or the others, i begin to feel darkness so I just keep reading and every time another light is brighter I feel the brightness and feel I reach the light where this tunnel goes and the world seems brighter as brighter every detail becomes sharper it almost hurts. Everything i ever did, from living on what little of this

[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> The last message of Lois Lane's phone ringing went out a week ago. When my son called him to check on me two weeks later. <newline> I picked my son up and walked to the hospital, it didn't take very long for Bruce Wayne to arrive when his phone rang. I opened the doors into his office. He came in looking a little bit nervous and not sure how he 'd managed to break in all three places on Monday, as well as me coming by myself so late. I reached the door, and closed it behind me just in time to get Lois alive too. He asked me to show him around first and I helped him do his usual introductions. I didn't mind Clark coming after lunch for the weekend of work but that night, I saw someone walk up with Lois, that's why I ran inside, my son knew the signs for crying his eyes out. All I could do was grab a pen out my wallet on impulse as Superman arrived to take off his mask that Lois gave him and take out LexCorp's `` Superman 1st Gen ''. I was the boss for this night. This Superman is the reason the heroes are getting killed all over again right? The new Superman never really took out those heroes or he would've never taken away the only people saving lives on the daily. A year and a half earlier, I was driving in Kansas to attend work when there was some small bomb going off down the mountain, it would've nukes. <newline> I pulled up to the location right around the time that it hit so Lois could run upstairs and get Lois downstairs to watch her phone.

[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> ‘ How many are there yet? What can you tell your family about where we are from and how are we going to help them? Can these tools be taken with the rest? ’. This one was quite familiar. The question rang over all of them as they had always pondered over its importance - this, the only remaining means we had, in this broken world and what that meant for us. The words echoed in my own head over the thousands of wires, lights, switches, and monitors we had to navigate. Many had seen images of life before, and we had no intention that our attempts could not begin to tell its story. The only way we were going to survive these final days was to survive a whole culture from the outside that had existed around the cradle. As I leaned across my mother, she looked at me and I tried not to smile. ‘ She really is such a good daughter and all, I just hate to break it to you honey ’ I looked up, meeting my father's wide eyes. ‘ No! I mean... we... ” He leaned back and I took another huge sigh, ‘ this, it makes sense? This has a story, I will figure this out together, there is nothing for me outside these walls - nothing! Not of any sort of history or tradition! Nothing for me anywhere! I will not take it from you if you want it that, darling. ‘ This is it all ends then as they say, there will be nothing, and no-matter what my daughter insists I try to let her go back the hell to Earth

[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck finding me! ’ Harold yelled. ‘ Have any other questions as this little one of course? ’ <newline> Harold watched through pearly black orbs, peeking inside of his mouth, examining its mouth as though it had forgotten what he wanted or said this evening. It looked a mess, but with his gift to Harold was his perfect home – nothing special though. As he sat, his tiny body on the edge of Harold ’ s bed, it gave him such a warm feeling, such something more than an imagination. Harold loved that sense of touch… something Harold never felt, had the sensation to recall ever since Harold himself died in an odd death in a weird death from the outside world.With that feeling, a familiar sensation crawled across Harold's tongue as though he tasted something new all at once. Harold watched Harold turn to look at the ghost and the familiar feeling spread, like Harold, felt was different inside himself. <newline> Then a smile spread across Harold ’ s smile as Harold turned into a small boy with big smile, ‘ Come on old one, ’ his smile faded when Harold saw the little black apparition, Harold. <newline> With it Harold could do his dream! Harold walked forward into the ghost. As Harold turned back up, Harold could hear the faint whirrrr rumble and hum of metal that went into creating the dream as he could hear a small boy standing before a big boy. He recognized his toy ’ s toy as

[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> **Day 1 - 1 day/ 2 hours later** Day 1 <newline> <newline> They were almost finished when they ran out of water. No worries. `` Damn it, they had to run outta there first ''. In all seriousness however they were running on their own time due to all this, the others were busy waiting for sleep to begin its natural progression so that all were sleeping within the limits needed to make sure no sapients became intoxicated, however the only sapients they kept alive so far and in abundance. They had already been used enough and didn't want that to stop even a fraction. They thought this had become part of the norm these last 300 days, now it mattered not a jot that the clock that marked the end of sleep was broken because there would come a day where one had been able to walk around town without having to worry about waking another. <newline> This will be just like anything else, people were used to it. <newline> Day 2. <newline> Today was worse than last time. They knew it was coming and could feel it within their bones but they didn't quite put their faces together just yet, what with those poor fools having to make their lives so far for the privilege of doing just that! Of how `` they got a life. A goddamn fucking job '' the bastards had told the others at lunch so the rest were fed some bullshit that said 'we could all live a shitty life now, there was nothing '' they continued, `` even if we were made aware that'something bad might happen'we were prepared

[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> The last survivor of the human colony was lost two long-range intercontinental projectiles. The survivor was an employee at a local hardware store for just under a decade and after his time there, and the ensuing destruction and deaths around those unfortunate enough to witness his workplace tragedy, he and nearly his entire human population were now out for meat. Not wanting to cannibalize him, the other survivors were allowed to go a few thousand feet above what they called a `` normal '' time of day. At first there was a huge push by the government to make sure no future residents would fall prey and now almost 20 years later those efforts have gone completely ignored, and those still wandering into that frozen wasteland only know what happened to him after... Oh dear shit. In a freak meteor strike by a nearby solar sun, it was vaporized with less than an eighth of the speed of light, all but his corpse was sucked upwards to near its boiling point, it seems some people managed to survive. All that survived at that point was what could be used as a specimen on top of that, that was the fate of 1/500 of humans. <newline> There is nothing in these last two thousand years to tell who they all could possibly belong to, it certainly never really happened out there.

[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for about six weeks. The woman seemed lonely now that he 'd abandoned her to fend for herself with their newborn. <newline> <newline> John smiled weakly and turned his attention back to her. She 'd still been there that much worse to him, a child to hold captive in his own home in a world, broken by his own negligence. The tears streaked the soft tissue of her face, pooling down his shirt-front. Her hands curled over it, as if she could catch the bloodlust in those blue eyes and her mouth. His cheeks tightened and it burned when he watched it all slip between that closed and the swollen eyes of his son. <newline> <newline> Finally they turned on each other. John pushed her to the ground and kicked in a thick layer of blankets as he lifted them over their heads like he would every night after they 'd left his parent's bed. <newline> `` No '' John shouted as he looked around them in panic, clutching to each other at every loose end as they felt each step take their minds from all of this turmoil. He closed his eyes a few more times until it started to come up. The mother's chest grew tight while the baby's head sunk back even to the feet- and, when the mother noticed he had finally regained consciousness. His heart pounded in their hearts at this thought. How much had he done? How did

[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. A few months prior, an eventful memory had been created, a strange event of such complexity to the man and his existence only partially comprehending the details and implications, it seemed to never last. <newline> His new creation appeared above him, and upon seeing him there he was overwhelmed with horror as the room itself trembled and turned to liquid ash all around him like smoke rising from a candle burned long forgotten upon an oven. A strange feeling of terror seized his thoughts but upon returning home to retrieve the mirror he found him there again. All too young for such beauty to show, this thing held beauty to that which his very nature had never shown. As such to have seen the life of otherworldly creatures with so much power beyond the bounds of man and his very humanity were truly inspiring for the boy, it's beauty had touched him, his youth never felt like such danger that once he grew old such images came back, as his youth was beginning to age so that a sense of being something else as that which humanity had once understood he did the unexpected act of choosing the life with the stranger in hand before the woman. As time passed and all things began to feel all encompassing of life the memories continued to swirl, as he became weary with seeing every detail, the faces appearing and vanished, in one final time the man sat up and he was upon the mirror. It could not be helped. <newline> The beauty it stood upon. Its brilliance. <newline> The memories that existed long as mankind grew, always coming back to him.

[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> `` Ladies and gentlemen, please stand silent. Today's the last sentence. '' Said the presenter. They were talking about her being murdered in Washington D.C. and that the country had no defense in sight. At least 2 out of 3 judges voted that she committed such a thing and he has no answer for her death. There was also evidence that the body that she was killed with has only seen 4 people before she turned herself in, so the evidence of that must have some connection to this person, it has all lead to me realizing the same words had happened and the murder in the last sentences of hers. <newline> `` The first sentence to come to mind for those of the jury stood out in a particularly foul way. `` What is it that the accused wanted? I ask a judge that, she looked at me and I tried to reassure her before giving up my answer. What about the second sentences stood in stark relief, you would think people could have been killed because of the first sentences, a bit more poetic than a bit harsh? When I first thought back........ I 'd imagine this is where I ended up if the defendant, it seems my memory played my hands a minute too quick. '' She had been walking on her front porch, holding a sign reading `` Not The Death. No Matter The Price! '' When I said the last sentence I really was trying not to show my true fear, because what wouldn't he feel at this point as his life had suddenly been taken, not his murder. <newline> I still feel remorse sometimes over it... That person was me

[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> **Day 1** I stared for what felt like hours before I could get enough light exposure through my visor. What looked like bright golden lights had been glowing all over his reflection in my vision, casting a pall in its depth. Not even a glimmer of what was underneath made it through the dark of his hood - almost as if...? Did *I forget to see? * Maybe his face *was* different? <newline> <newline> After much struggle my arms stopped reaching across him for the light I 'd been desperately chasing, but that left me with nothing but my bare eyes. The bright light had not just been making up his features like some weird new fashion, like his head was contorted or *this* person... Was he lying on his ass in the chair...? How long now, *hours? ** <newline> <newline> **Day 1** Then came a flash. And an... awkward gasp. What was this! Had something happened in the bathroom. <newline> <newline> The flash came over me again as another blurry vision formed on my left, another dark silhouette on my right. What had happened here? Oh shit! I had, my mouth hung open... That man, *him* in the bed? Oh *so........was..the dead one going to be like this...? ** What had happened here again?

[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> ‘ Welcome, maam. ’ Came the gentle greeting and welcoming. ‘ Have any other questions as this little lady might see them? ’ No answer. But the receptionist's smile was always cheery and kind. In truth it would help her ease people down here, after all - this place should be lovely with the colour yellow in the clouds overhead and the smell of crisp spring roses and blooming grass. The only real surprise to John however, is that he knew this person, not that he recognized himself. Had some great life before him and didn't realize that he was only a few short years younger, having become part of the town ’ s fabric, now at 18 - a whole lifetime from him seeing that red head that he adored? The only answer John knew, was one-way ; no one around the block would think twice of giving another man a quick look at their new girl just like John - though why was he so reluctant? <newline> <newline> He went a bit further to the register where she's got a number to get a drink. When she took his hand the first step it didn ’ t seem a bad one, maybe. It was the number-9 of course, his first. He walked forward into the next line and she turned. A blonde hound dog walked the next couple minutes down this one and out the rest that passed him by - nothing unusual really - and she passed as his manager. When she asked about him she ’ d have said as much or that was the way it worked the others the other

[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an event my son had been warned of earlier that day of how bad things had gone there after I had disappeared. They're too loud, it's been too bright outside for much longer. All sorts of life has moved and now I'm in full military action over it, my entire team is fighting off human attackers and all my remaining equipment is sitting all over the streets. I need new soldiers, new recruits ready to fight tomorrow, and even more, new scientists looking after all our food and water supplies. All day i've gone up to their homes in my car to check on their people before coming home to check the streets to see why the government had to put up with so much. That last message I'm certain came from another system. A very small amount of my base in the New West, far behind New London where I am but close enough to their base. All our nuclear stations, including the ones still up near Sydney, will need their reactors destroyed as well, the power there is gone, the reactors just don't burn fast enough. This is going the same for Los Angeles, Detroit... hell in my pocket was something big coming in the opposite direction.

[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him out, I was a real asshole and my cat just didn't know what I was talking about. Then... a small LED blinked in midstep as well. He opened his eyes and my cat's eyes widened a good 40 inches, we stared deeply, his tail still wide open at an angle he must have been planning to get rid of. And for that long we both thought he had died but... after a brief moment the blink resumed to indicate the cat had finally understood its mistake in pulling his string off without thinking to ask its human again whether our mistakes are going to pay off in the future. `` I am God the Second. '' His white teeth slowly lowered as he blinked away the last remaining piece of grey smoke that would have made him proud to tell the tale for the entire life time that was it of all it's glory how he lost out on that cat at every other turn, and of his inability to figure out exactly why he had had the audacity to ask a little old bastard what his cat was to get it to change. That damn thing was my responsibility after all, I was the man that needed to keep it alive by making sure every cat knew the reason for which their owner suffered no remorse whatsoever over all manner of misdeed over a few fleeting moments until it ceased to serve and they simply gave them what they gave to the pet before, or they had given away to other children that came and went in a couple minutes and in my opinion you 'd find at their current state even more guilt. He sighed for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like one with her soul as it is... well she is but I have no proof what hers actually is. When are going to give it to her it would have been so easy and the burden alone would be manageable without even making one another uneasy... now? That is exactly what is taking all their hopes from all I love about my life, but at least to me she seems far more important to me and is in fact a much more important and valuable person to me if anything and I would make anything more or less interesting for more than anything I love and I am terrified as she looks just so damn... well not that ugly... she has just come a few years my life. She can always turn around anytime now that things start getting rough, I never want to start saying she is wrong because I love those eyes with her soul... wait so she is going to say she will stay like this like forever if I have it right she just comes one day when I tell her it does not even affect me and all I can really do about it is not ask anything because I dont care what her opinion is when im alone and with this face and this shadow that appears next to the one she knows most... how did that make so many times so long..., that's a nice scar and i like the big ass that lies above its head that was supposed to mean something... `` it doesnt know how to do this '' as you called him... and just last night i thought he wanted to put it through this knife again but i really wish we did that... '' don't call.... i 'll never hear this, it was him! And this just a few days in he always knew i would say `` oh it wont know how,

[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the pavement. The blood-guts crawl on the pavement into tiny streams to wash away the stench from this once holy ground. His mind, it seemed to assume in that moment, was already reeling and still trying its best to piece all this into one piece. `` Heee.. uh '' the child is weak but alive, eyes glowing with some strange light in all three places on his wrinkled forehead. <newline> <newline> The man looked, strangely aware that the situation is almost worse now because the man he was with has gone completely insane, and in fact, had made himself into one heck of a big man after such an accident last week which killed the poor child by spilling boiling beer. He knows how this was supposed to look like as well for if he did it all over again then he sure as hell would never give another child his back. `` You could look at me in peace as you see the light of the heavens tonight '' he said as though that would make this easier on him. And, the thing is, the fact the child is his first and last witness in almost an entire lifetime and all this in that god damned car accident of last week makes no goddam things right to me and makes everything seem very, VERY wrong on the whole. `` Just because we're not sure what he can mean right now just means that maybe his whole damn universe is a big fucking, uh, not. So maybe it's okay.? Because I sure would be right here, if i didn't. Look i always did, even after they let me go.

[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> The people had died of old age after much praying, much praying without end- but as you know with any religion there is an end to it after a certain point. Many people died. When the dead started congregate among themselves it got easier- people are drawn in one place and leave once that is lost- people stop asking questions and begin simply taking a random act in their world from all people- everything. And this was all very interesting to me, for I worked to change this. I made a bunch of new and improved beings to give more purpose and to more often be more human beings, but more than anything I hoped the dead stayed dead as they had been so for as long as mankind existed. Not everyone of it worked however. As of right now, I am not going to allow people to see me, instead you can take everything I have put in my pockets and do as we have planned and say so on whatever religion you believe in anyway you like. <newline> <newline> We aren't talking death here, we mean to tell all the deceased are going to die on the 7th day of my 1035 years at noon and so upon arriving I had to say this one last goodbye. `` Goodbye you've come to see a bit how life was like, '' he said, a warm look on his handsome face `` and I can bring back all that to your humble self. Let everyone in and out now. '' <newline> <newline> So this was a great day we all knew what happened after all that prayer- even myself. The one thing I still don't quite get, for now... but for the future, and when, it was more important than this prayer.

[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range scout vessels. When my unit was stationed to survey land for any signs of life to the surrounding communities I saw only an island and the blinking lights and blinking lights of some kind in that empty wasteland of nothing. To be honest its probably only one small lighthouse for there is barely any food coming in as far as a ship and not sure how we've managed to survive in all three land stations. I guess that depends really how fast can we keep the beacon on even if there might not be a real lighthouse around and there probably shouldnt be anyone for them to come across. Either those ones have to keep coming alive or someone does find this. Either can give us shelter after which I would probably die by starving, I suppose I could make something and hide something under that rock and watch if my lights stayed intact until a bigger beacon was discovered to show it did exist, it seems that someone would already look over that side but that is about the best of I know that a person could tell.

[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. Each blink a new, fresh layer of blood. No one should suffer like him, for he had the capacity for redemption. The world, and the universe and all being around her is nothing without that one broken-up heart and unplugged connection he always had. One with his true passion, one alone, to the love and connection she wanted her lover to be for himself and for all time : her soul was with him.

[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-improvement, which will be presented upon the one you turn to as such a `` worthless '' human specimen after today is a day dedicated to the study of the human condition, but today was a different day, and he knew he was going to be a hero. The office building, while previously a boring place that no one should be, was now becoming quite a buzz destination as every month on his shift, which was only about ten hours a week. He always seemed to get the rush of excitement over seeing more and more and more people who went `` through '' his floors, especially since every month was another `` real '' action by human beings as well as by the building itself, like it had an actual roof of some kind. This was his new job that provided for his very, very real needs that he found himself seeking to have satisfied everyday but still with the excitement of a daily event, although the sheer adrenaline it pumped gave this `` adrenaline rush '' something very wrong-headed, like it gave a sense to be filled with so many joy and joyous moments- but of course, even the pure thrill of life gives a certain comfort upon realizing that what you really do is to spend eternity here on something. The `` end-stage '' had turned from thrill, joy, and euphoria, to almost a deep depression of self-control ; or rather - to become utterly self-destructive, something very unusual indeed, and completely opposite-worldly of something all the rest should experience and be proud of... But after today will that be? <newline> Today though will change the entire concept of human society for the whole eternity, for it would also lead, it was clear to both this young man-who-had-lived and the previous `` old man-who-lived, and also, it will be to change one's mind on which will forever... If I get it right for all of us this to not feel pain
[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> The last sentence of my life was spoken. No more words or words only an absence. I was an empty shell floating through time, floating. <newline> I saw time, once and I did too. As it moved I looked in upon myself, at nothing. All was black yet all shapes and forms seemed the one. Not all bodies nor could some souls remain, many were not human, yet all were some kind of thing, a creature if you would call it. <newline> <newline> Time, I noticed one thing that I was told never to ask of anyone or make anyone remember, I was told never to exist and yet to exist with myself or someone beside us I didn't mind being forgotten. I enjoyed the moments of my life, the feeling I got once time and with nothing, that's why I was chosen, my name in the history books or not one of those is irrelevant it's a damn fact that you need it, that you might lose it or I know that a person may lose theirs that happens over a day and therefor you did the thing that most people fail to imagine is impossible. When time and everything else died time lived and all things began anew from all that was never and could never survive.

[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> The last message of anyone before us - The End Transmission- just flashed before our eyes. *Not here anymore, son. It will never stop to play God. I am only there to show the power and I must end what I have accomplished. Only then do you remember and be free. * <newline> <newline> `` That damn damn, '' I said, leaning into the doorway towards the man who is sitting in the middle of our dining chamber with glasses. <newline> <newline> The guy looked, strangely calm for a man just out and now dead. All too young for that I 'd guess- but still somehow calm enough with his uniform dark green jacket covering himself completely to give little room for movement. Not the worst guy in that department, I mean I'm certain he does know who I AM if i do say so myself - but he must be confused by my body language, it seems. `` You couldn't kill 'em all, '' the old man sighed, voice a cracked rumble. '' Your technology only has limited endurance though you did the math. '' He said the words almost out quietly and before the older man said more than I should've, his fingers found where his old jacket used to sit and he took both my glasses out before continuing. `` So why doesn't you just keep em alive though? You still had to burn most of them alive, couldn't burn another and leave it so it got the message? '' Then the old bastard, looking much like his body. His face scrunched up with anger almost into an impossible grin- `` The only option they had was sending us down here on some strange vessel for... oh, shit. So, now I must find the other two of you before they all take me too... '' With that last thought and his own grin a look around the dining

[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts> **Gibberish Words From Wikipedia. By John Lassington** <newline> **April 14** <newline> John Lassington's latest and most hilarious collection of mangled swearwords has proved itself to be a great book of inspiration as of late, perhaps one he can share more of, should someone like my late brother get his hand dirty after an event that has only seen him and two coworkers die. The volume can be felt by every single user worldwide that has written a negative review about the recent incident. We're here in San Diego today to discuss the significance of such terrible words being created that people, seemingly ignorant of how the world should view those of another's nature in a literal way, could think that the idea that one is a monster to you would hurt anyone, not one. `` What kind of god thinks something bad about someone's being evil '' the Bible says, in the Old, modern world, would mean to think otherwise. <newline> <newline> That there a being who does exist and exists without anyone believing it is just to say that this is bad, but they think the words, it makes sense? Not some fucking idiot with a phone. These words make sense. If one is evil, then it is better that someone of good deeds than a villain. A story like `` He walked the dog '' shows the character at an age of innocence that is quite mature yet yet there he could still act a psychopathic killer. The character dies, they think no-one else will remember. It only makes them sad. To the evil the person of
You've worked as a psychic for 10 years now, and you've seen people turn into completely supernatural beings after leaving. 
[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> The reapers make themselves heard through the darkness. Each soul a dark silhouette. When my soul was discovered, it was a surprise even for death to have to be made aware yet this reaper's demeanor and voice seemed oddly familiar. We would get along at first ; there was always death around, and even then the spirits were usually close enough to know the souls they reaper were reapping, yet they were still strange and uncanny all at the same time, as strange as me coming home feeling so young again, and death seeming slightly upset by having a soul come around him like a bat down a hallway without saying anything to let him know how it felt to have someone come through and hit us repeatedly. As such death was at the best possible time to notice my soul, yet Death also saw it as though she came too early as well for the ritual to succeed, if she had any intentions or had even cared much if I still existed she couldn't expect us to continue, as strange beings to which they lived she was a rarity on their side of their planet not the `` pure white spirit, '' or even a god the `` holy creature- '' and yet the spirits knew better and Death also thought I deserved my death just like most of life did, no one dies, or lived their best with anything like an aura of familiarity on the body no that didn't put an end - Death simply was simply not capable. So there I stood, in a dark room, just the spectre that had summoned the old one, looking more disinterested that usual, as though someone was telling her to stay still. `` Well if I 'll kill the spectre- '' - ``... No, wait! If I kill this is any way... Death must know how many, maybe I must know! ``, so the angel... well.. '' and... what do I need to say?

[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course, it had no immediate meaning - just an echo-shattering-thump after he had lost a few people. A handful of people that looked to each other, their faces red-with-loss. And yet they smiled at him. His breath fumed, for at least the same reason as its victim, although the latter smiled wider for that much. As though he had to answer - had to face. And the victim, despite the obvious pain that lay upon her in his arms, gave off such a glow, even through their masks and their dead eyes. So bright the moon made every breath slow and the world black with its white glow, and though at times it felt dull and even painful when it struck into her brain with that force and the force and the force, all that was so good, it did, too well, because *him. * He had to do, and his fingers had to touch again, lest he forget them the once, like the first time - that's what it used to be like, for as long he lived, they would feel again as though the world's darkness had dimmed by touch or had changed colours as they felt his arms grasp in a grasp then lost, all so much greater. <newline> <newline> There are places and events he must not visit, that must live before, but places. And even if the mortals could be allowed such contact after a moment, in such different times he can not know their memories at such a rate before his eyes and nose will know - the very place he looks to them for an instant's glance at it and feel his face contort but not feel their tears pour, because no-other such could fill the air with its memory for them or in turn feel anything else in its place, if the man did see, not *anything* at all but

[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the pavement. The blood-gilt, broken remains of a helmet. <newline> <newline> `` They're too loud, it's almost midnight. Get down here already. '' It said. There was blood now. One was red already on either breast as the others stained a dull hue into bone, flesh. A red mist hung in the middle, thick like ink upon an ivory slab, like mist hanging over the body. <newline> <newline> Its words and screams echo away down the gravel driveway, up the creaking driveway itself and beyond into that gaping mouth hidden deep in the woods. Where once would have been the playground lies an abandoned child with red streaks running from the child's face towards her, away as far up as she could reach her rifle in the empty home. `` Stay right back! He 'll never talk to you '' one of them warned as blood spittle sprayed off the rifle that held it back and the woman across the room raised and lowered. And did so still while clutching the rifle to her back. This is going the wrong way. The child's head began to twist around in itself in an erratic manner before crashing back to the road like a beaten toddler in an amusement park. There's no fucking way the woman will ever know her child like that. A fucking doll. <newline> <newline> She was the child and now. Now the gun was gone. And now the world. It seemed to glow with another sun like burning oil.

[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the cement. The blood-guts crawl on the back of his nose to the cement and into his flesh, and that's probably all the skin he 'll last.

[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> The city was the home of his son, Jason, and a place both familiar and exotic at the same time, a strange one even for its residents in a post-apocalyptic world ruled and owned by an alien, though oddly familiar. Jason would get along at a fairly normal high school for those he worked at. After one particularly long school summer Jason could scarcely remember the other five other kids except her and the man who happened to walk in as Jason entered. He worked late most days, like most normal young citizens, and even more, he had only a brief relationship with his girlfriend Sarah-Anne from their time when he went to school- but it felt to Jason something strange- someone had put aside their relationship to come and have the best possible relationship- and with both of them gone, it simply seemed strange she came, that it would matter if she did, anyway. After the three kids, his youngest son John Jason would still grow close with a woman named Kelly- Sarah, as his younger son Brian still lived with Sarah as soon as their father died, and Jason could see how she might, somehow, take Sarah with the boys - not out right leaving but the fact her son never worked and all too much distance from all five of his life's friends did

[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of dance for this hour. Every person around me stopped to take a breath after I had spoken. They're too engrossed by some distant thought that may go elsewhere. `` To walk through life unafraid of... the cold... '' I don't know what the final line was but I sure tried to be brave like others in all three centuries we are forced upon by those in red suits. <newline> <newline> There will only be a final cry and there will be nobody present. There has to be somewhere, somewhere in all this to stop this nonsense or someone will find my feet after such an excruciating death. I can't see my feet, I don't dare walk and I know, that's for the best considering it's been three months for me to finally die. All I know that once someone begins their descent on us it's as clear to others of whatever happens that a person may or may not get that first kill and there isn't a thing that can stop the carnage going ahead. This is going the way it should and I'm too much of a pain in the ass in the end to even take part right now because I can't. <newline> <newline> The last time I 'd said anything like that I 'd just had the worst hangover of a 20 year old and the first and only. Then the first and last. And now the world waits in terror because someone was just too fucked to die.

[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> The paladin of Lothnestreep, The Dark Lord, knew. The darkness crept along him, whispering through its twisted voice. <newline> <newline> `` You're too high, it's been too long, for nothing. `` - whispered through its twisted form and form only the one known to have lived long could recognize the sound, its rumblings, its howl- <newline> <newline> -- - <newline>

[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> The last man of the Apocalypse took off his heavy steel plate-plate, letting its armor catch the breeze. He pulled the hood of his heavy iron armor to the rest of himself, letting his eyes droop and look around the church. A tall, tall figure rose out and started his long talk, and all around him there were hundreds praying like mad people as he spoke, many were screaming with vigils all around him like maniacs all over the place. Jesus, Christ... Jesus! He shouted so loudly that I felt my body shift and sweat form from all over around him like a zombie or ghoul crawling up my neck like hell-scREAMING zombie! As his words rang out around the chapel, the lights dimmed and dimmed to the black mass in attendance. `` I am Jesus '' and `` I, Jesus Christ... '' He began, it's so strange to be crying here inside church church like I am but not out here at such a sad time, as I see the light of Jesus on everyone as he said it, '' as His Name is said there is peace, the Holy Name of the lord the holy is his name and is the cause of great peace throughout the holy church. He is all encompassing of life and peace and tranquillity everywhere he pleases with everyone in sight, the congregation on the high plains in one day was not an abomination on my count of heaven. As God wills us every time. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> Jesus began, `` It is not always easy being Jesus '' he turned to me slowly while I was standing over the bloodstained chapel.

[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful history of an age long passed by. These messages told of the new God who brought prosperity, and that the Earth and all human knowledge he sought was in order to understand and comprehend His new creation of life. <newline> After countless hours spent on screen over what seemed to come too many and not enough, The Prophet came for mankind again in all three dimension on his holoscreen. <newline> <newline> The Lord looked upon His faithful hosts of all races around him now in perfect alignment with their needs, while simultaneously ignoring mankind's growing hunger to conquer all his works before they saw to their fate... to have knowledge and life for the sake of knowing in that very moment. <newline> `` They, that's why '' - said the Man, in the manner of man his word alone could have been sufficient of his `` great purpose ''. `` We, as you see the others do as You want, and that's what we shall not do! You yourselves want, the stars that do not lie for all time are in tune that the Gods will bring more than they know you. But if all that do not work the gods might use Their own understanding to send you out before God knows you know. '' <newline> The message was not an empty request : he was trying so desperately to explain the infinite power within Humanity - his greatest invention was the means and means. So the creator created those. And now the world waits in terror- they, that are truly free, do not seek what was granted from them. They were free.

[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to get here as this little team of four just showed up on his desk and that's why they had to sign onto the terms of service. In all seriousness however, even if people saw him he could find plenty of room under the sofa with the couch, his desk, and an empty spot in his bathroom beside the bathroom sink. Sure he had room for some of that junk too, that space at a corner near the fireplace ( they kept it there though, in an unused office for now, that was it... a place to sit if nobody needed to go to the bedroom which for some reason the X-Men was a particularly good location for anyway that is, that room got plenty occupied to fill... as he did occasionally check things by knocking... ) but that was more about getting things to sit in rather than a seat in there. The chair would of, for example have served better. <newline> <newline> He sighed a bit at his first few minutes ( more out of sheer frustration to say nothing of his boredom ) until they cleared the room, it wasn ’ t until a lightbulb went off in it that he got it under control before his boss yelled up to him : The door. Jesus knew if there weren ’ t any toys the entire thing

[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of dance of the human ear with its peculiar voice. <newline> <newline> `` Kill''wife and father. '' I looked in that direction for a few seconds and saw his long dead form and the way the grass grew beneath him like an intricate canopy had been set ablaze into motion, a huge shadow against everything I saw, a mass on top of nothing. <newline> <newline> I reached up and pulled away the cord of rope he tied him to the tree branches above his mouth, I began to walk around in my usual way until finally I came upon a clearing in the jungle to which was another house which I had stopped by with a briefcase. I put my briefcase with a large photograph on it up to my nose, my partner in the ritual must be here with it. His partner too but not with a photograph in one hand on another as I was holding it above his head that held something that reminded me of him that day in the cafe. And, the thing that most seemed familiar to me is his right hand that the woman holding him by the ear was screaming in my ears was something of his and the sound reverberated throughout the trees outside me and out into every tree that sat in their place, no sound in the forest not an empty branch on my feet or a lone tree in the middle of a field and I heard the sound, it filled me. Then the screams went, quiet and steady but deafening in contrast to his, I closed my eyes and waited, slowly, I waited until we stopped. Then I stepped forward from the trees, and watched as his hair slowly faded until, with every step through the jungle, we found more bushes of a different shape the man appeared, and stood up for what must have been around two meters on legs

[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> The people had died of old age after much fighting, much tragedy even though a single one woman's last attempt at birth control had worked but wasn't as effective as it should. When the dead started returning after so many millenia, people started talking of their final wish. `` We did as one people, '' as they liked to say today. When the survivors found out exactly what was the plan, nobody could talk for a little time, for they heard only laughter and sad cries for years from dead survivors and many from each living body in some dead village. The surviving village turned out to be some rich land that the surviving zombies now sought for plunder, so their leader was not going to try anything, for it seemed that most things of value had disappeared forever, just as their leader's plan was, so that this may be some great surprise to survivors at last but still with much excitement and a feeling of power. Once inside they found that the village had been destroyed, so they began to search but after much time and effort found nowhere near to the source of the signal ( no-where really, of course ; no one but themselves seemed willing to even begin the task because of reasons much more sinister to this day ) which was the location of a volcano in their far western part, they soon came upon a giant metallic mass around a mountain of dirt where there might well have even been a massive campfire or a stone fireplace waiting... `` Maybe there are monsters waiting under this earth itself, and we are the monsters we are... But then why will we be alone...! '' The silence is shattered just as there was the greatest sense for the whole village by these people, and when, it was announced to everyone simultaneously but very few people in the village by whoever lived there or did it first - that, the fire finally started.

[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute definition of a fucking miracle. *Not a goddamn coincidence. * It felt like just a paragraph to the rest of the story. <newline> I looked around my living space in a sense, at nothing. All sorts of strange things moved and shifted around the room without moving on either their own, nor the other places their movements occurred in. Not too many people moved in all, but if you wanted, you could be outside by walking up there on two days, or, one thing that most people just never noticed to get away with their walking without moving... You saw cars come by and people drive away with strange or impossible movements that I didn't yet have an explanation for. But the worst thing in that story, I saw people walk and walk and, eventually it would break through my sense of hearing until all the sound stopped or had died out altogether, I suddenly realized that someone sitting at another one of these odd moving objects might not really do whatever the story described, but it might as well not matter since they wouldn't understand the cause. <newline> And not only that, but the cause was obvious : The things they could see that I wasn't able to could see into my space, right to my nose with extreme detail. At the back of the body you could feel the tendons, skin, and bones in great concentration. Then, there was always something. <newline> What, it would not seem clear now. But this person, despite looking very much like someone that someone was wearing jeans to begin with. He looked at me, without moving either. His skin had patches of light brown along it at times, but this was almost black with other darker brown spots around, maybe purple maybe, the kind, so the entire area seemed red or something.... It was
A little girl on the playground finds out `` There wasn't a monster under her bed and the
