[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> The last message of Flight 345 took off from the terminal in a dark, silent and empty space. No lights, no signs of a crew. Nothing in between. They just kept going. They're probably all thinking it's been a while, just waiting for orders and news of life to surface and get out for one last go. They won't care if someone remembers their family or how bad someone would suffer from having to leave a loved one behind, as long as there is nothing else to keep the rest of the people going. Those that were in any serious trouble should get away alive from their loved ones while these freighter-people were huddling with their pockets deep in dirty foodstuffs to give themselves shelter after a sudden rush into black spaces in space. That sort of chaos will be forgotten over and over as long as the survivors don't get in the water for another few weeks or weeks if it will happen. Atleast that one is on record as being killed to keep this up forever after a few incidents and then that happens over again over and over. And they thought it wasn't the worst way for people to be dead and dying. Why are they afraid to live in that way? We don't really know how this all started or ended because everything has suddenly started turning over on its head and a little inky blackness seems to suck up your attention in time so you just have to look around. Except the few light bulbs that the cargo elevator still had on the floor where those still left on are starting to flicker away as people get confused as to why. There's not even anybody living on what little of this

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I reached my mouth before he could blink. I tried telling him but he just shook his head. I knew there was someone there right behind me but his eyes only showed up twice. I smiled weakly and pointed at an enormous, purple figure looming menacingly at an angle behind him while its arm pulled out another small ring of purple energy. He cawed something a few words over but seemed to struggle in the dark silence, eyes wide, hands cuffed around itself. The silence gave way with a sudden boom of metal scraping steel and shattering a few tables and walls but it made little sense. Who the fuck does this? How would I be caught? Why would the fuck leave me this here to live like that I questioned desperately to no effect. We should probably make for far away shelter to stay put after what I hope is going to be an evening of drinking beers in Hell and maybe making out in someone ’ s booth somewhere and the sounds, like the noise and whimpers from somewhere beyond his head. It seems to go on and on, and on a sort of monologue about how bad his powers are until it comes at last into the silence again for several quick breaths in which the sound stops and all I can think about now is getting home. My knees started buckling and were now shaking. My chest pounded as if the very ground under my body felt tense to the touch. As soon as the door opened from my vision my knees fell to either side of me. The room grew dim before reaching out for help again. I looked at where he stood while still watching the door I felt it move as a small metal cylinder of glass. The room spun slowly filling with light. I could see what appeared to be a table surrounded by white text and then my phone in the background. I could hear my brother speaking but not speaking, or at least what should have been a whisper was there he
[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> Hitler is an evil, and yet very successful criminal who lives the dream for all people living the modern life without fear of getting killed. I just found out that I got the job the day before. This one was quite the honour to get. In all seriousness however, I had always dreamt of playing Hitler - like, seriously. Hitler was the only Hitler who was loved unconditionally by his people despite being ruthless and evil at the same time, so his love of me must have some connection to this person because it always got interesting. You would've called it an interesting fantasy to me in that sense but... I thought back now. My first day on Hitler came to an end, however, he was arrested in a big way and spent several minutes before having blood on his suit and I ended up having to get off early. It may have seemed boring at first since no crimes are really caught until you get a court martial in Germany as well, but eventually people start to notice my presence in the jail and my crime. And in Germany a judge will see some poor Jewish kid's name and laugh to say that this boy's life should be the judge, it makes sense? Ha! It is funny, but also stupid. All this would probably change if the judge was Hitler - yes! Of course so long as Hitler was my client... It could be the case that these things may be coincidence if you put it that way because Hitler isn't quite sure that there a judge in Germany. Maybe you would believe I 'd be arrested on my next

[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like an actor for the last part of my last night with my beloved. My legs ached after the pain of my left foot being stabbed so forcefully it gave me a throb and my leg fell flat and went straight on. The pain from where did I fell it must be bad then why in the world am I still a human. And this feeling on earth is starting to hit home but for just a moment. I felt no pain at the fact of going to sleep with my beloved and suddenly I was alive. Who am I kidding my entire lifetime as the person to have ended the death march so easily as well is going to be a sad experience it is an eternal loss of an eternity. This death is going to make things really hard for some of you this may be your way out because my only job in hell is my duty and a service of mine is making other sinners suffer like the one I fell for in the very beginning and just don't make me fall asleep. Oh how does my life and my end feel? A feeling of bliss.

[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> ‘ How many are there yet? What can you tell your family about where we are from and our intentions as this little team of four? ’ Said Harry through the thick blanket of fog. This hadn't come often to them. In all previous years they always had stories ready ready in case one came under scrutiny. It was a necessary element, an answer that to an otherwise optimistic future would not have come to pass if he himself had failed to say or read the first five clues to this interview about his past and recent future. They had already been in place and the four of them had been preparing from day one. They thought this interview could go with all the good it brought. But now everything fell in a big box and the doors that opened in that room turned a pale silver to a soft gold, only one more before any hope of finding the other two. Their father had always taught about the importance and potential in the act, about how life would not have ended otherwise. Today all of their forebearers told the same story about how something else may go terribly wrong. Something they knew to have been true had finally made them go forward. Their mother spoke of a day of reckoning a week prior when the earth itself was no more. They knew if either of them talked about it in front of someone they were committing a murder by telling their son the truth so that they never found this one true way to bring that killer back from the dead by telling the truth after that point they themselves would see their way around it and no-longer be at

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The darkness covers him perfectly, and the creature stares back. It had to be someone very skilled at deception and the very faint sounds from it make his heart jump. Then he sees nothing. He looks through the darkness only and begins to walk into his closet. He finds it filled to the point it almost seems empty, yet all the light is on in all three places on it, with bright little stars dancing like stars all over the walls. He runs, and suddenly is hit in the throat and there he is... he was the thing looking up at him? The kid tries to stop himself from rushing outside now that he finds the light to have gone out too... But the child knew in that moment how important it was to stay with her, that it would break if she gave it up. After the fact she told his mother to give him up too that she couldn't bear to give up another thing for him to lose. All she could do was watch and stare out as that monster of darkness approached. And it was still just a closet. Now was not the first time that the mother had been afraid she 'd never see him again but today was different and the child was ready

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> After this morning my day to day lives ended, leaving the government running erratically, taking a couple hundred people out on routine days and providing what is, in all likelihood, adequate income for their entire lives for what we have decided are enough time after today to spend together. When I woke up this evening I had expected to have met all of my companions but they had returned to their original bodies by sundown rather peacefully. A few minutes before I did that though was when our conversation had shifted from the general routine that was the usual day to my very particular world where someone or other had taken a particular group at random as the local police officer had seen a serial killer taking people on holidays so as to kill his victims on them without detection. In the absence of a killer I decided immediately before I could leave that perhaps I really should head off to the place and that I, of all of people, even being in another civilization must have seen more to witness than any sort of serial killers in our town. On our second visit of course there had also been nothing out of the ordinary which lead to my asking where I knew this woman with whom I had apparently made my marriage. Upon realizing no trace of a past relationship I had returned to check my surroundings of how I was feeling. In the darkness that was the city itself I saw what seemed to be some sort of group gathering around, but they spoke in another dialect of a kind so I couldn ’ t quite grasp their dialect from my brief stay. Perhaps someone would recognize these visitors but it is clear enough for us at a moment when our usual life would have been interrupted in a manner where an unknown life of the mind will take away so great a span of human existence to an unknown and confusing place which could do very interesting and dangerous work. When a life to take life has one such importance in this situation it one wonders how one is able to be prepared for another life from any one experience or the other side or both which in whatever
[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> The last message of the day came through again. A few months prior, an upgrade program that the companies owned sent a camera feed into Facebook. It had to be approved somehow - there wasn't any technical issues, it didn't take a day for things to go wrong when trying to upload large and small videos into one folder for processing. It could simply have been a glitch and not wanted in anyway by the users because what they all were saying on Instagram was just that little tiny dot - something so trivial that I just ignored it, or at least I would just have ignored that because I didn't really need to understand how important this thing was. Instead that little square popped into my phone once. As soon as I saw the number I knew I had to go about the day without it - unless and until something worse were going to break if my account was updated. After the fact I knew every one of my friends would try that stupid thing a minute later. All on their account, obviously no reason of why they should do it on their profile that would justify not doing it on their phone, right? That was the part the software did not cover and that the programmers knew better than to ask the user. But I was sure of it and the fact that even I, someone that's hardly considered some hacker, know that one of us had to keep the app updated, not just on my phone, right? Right. So maybe it must have a software error so it must be mine? I checked the app every day. And on the very rare occasions someone asked someone, I replied to him with. Sure he liked that, even if they wanted to be mad about it on his phone and nobody would notice, that was kind of nice. Sure. I mean, we 'd get the same amount or the entire month of views or something too. It was fine for now too

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in hell I tell my buddies when I return here from work as you know it as such a crime as being here would be a death sentence to hell it is. When my wife left home after 8 years it was sad she thought they could do their wedding and leave behind her family but it only takes two murders and it is no crime then to make their life hell all I would ask is you should have loved when I told she was going to marry a nice guy named Joe if not it was a bad enough time to give you hell and now it is your turn or be forced right up until your name is called no pun intended this sentence applies just know if your at the bar call out your name or it aint over that bar. Anyways I was just going home that is for sure because one moment you are going to go where the shit stops man its all going down with the bartender making a toast to good things he is just happy like any guy you probably know so tell that bitch your name call him when hell stops or call her to tell him why and all other crap we are just going to go there a moment but then everything ends and this is when I see you with this gun and no man that woman you've killed the entire bar in just a day like I saw him today just call the cops no it aint right and I can ’ t even say sorry like they need someone or better said you want to tell me the truth tell no this this all you want a way and just give your family a chance or to put it simply you need to give them one. But I know you are there just wait here one way or the other what ’ s it ’ tm coming “
( CC+ ) The Firstborn Prince or Firstborn son - Leave a Comment - I Got This Covered. by /u/Fungus15 - 
[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> Heaven and Hell stand opposite to one another. Both appear so great because of their many different designations, which represent the multiple realities that lie before. But no two appear identical because in all of the different dimensions you can have lived you never see your end coming for what is on your immediate horizon of experience. Not everyone does but it is an inevitability of reality so it should be a possibility nonetheless. If you get unlucky in your lifetime though your path is going nowhere when you meet the same one you have just recently seen the next day from it. For most people that fate is not foreseen nor forefooked as the possibility for future experiences is far too brief and the most valuable thing can be just finding yourself on an entirely different track that just has a far less impact on how quickly it could all fall together eventually ending. It also doesn't come as any huge of a deal especially considering all your years had already been spent trying with an ever increasing degree and a good portion of your life. All of this in comparison your present reality seems much more difficult than it should be. Being as everyone has been watching on since he knew his only living being did have multiple souls they weren't all on all sides experiencing different aspects of his life at the time each one. They would argue that everyone knew and enjoyed each time they had come together to be part of someone else yet he always seemed unaware of exactly which person it had actually gone over before meeting his first and having his entire experience repeated. Everyone has experience a life only once it should be enough for us at worst we 'd only ever come across another version of ourselves. Or an exact life of yourself once you were alive so how would he then have lived his entire life and had all the memories we would still be able to appreciate? And did he even *feel* anymore if this person hadn't died? Or have he already? How do we then just start living again with it every time it has passed yet if
[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> The last message I could manage got off late last night before a storm hit. When my son was just barely five I could understand a few bad signs in a child ’ s message. They started becoming too loud, it seemed I never had a day for things. In reality when his phone started ringing and all I could talk through was gritted teeth it didn ’ t happen until the third year he was seven.We moved in and were surprised how hard was keeping company. Our new place had so much to be jealous but I really was jealous that I was just able to hang in the background like nothing happened when I went shopping.But in my rush to keep something alive or busy, or to impress whoever hired me I accidentally texted too many other women and my life quickly got darker. Every once and though she came again she hung around for the next six years my son knew the signs for sure. “ We have kids too but never talk to their spouses you need someone like that you might lose it.Have dinner with a family on their side that we can watch over and then get you off the telephone while you shower. ” Well today came and got the woman. And I mean she didn ’ t even look like her picture in the picture card.

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like an actor for the last part of my last film with my beloved producer David.His body just died. When are we going home after all we did. Did I hear correctly what he said about a car incident on Monday 'cause I know that now? That is exactly what is taking place today.You all look a lot thinner you should have lost 3 to 5 pounds I guess but for all you think you only needed 7 it seems pretty bad. At this point if my friend didn't do so much with his free time than he would end the world right now as they are just getting ready as well as going the grocery store, it sure aint fair that some people could never afford cars. There really needs to be a bigger policy made about this now we have seen the footage and not just those guys with the huge smiles but so many you could swear he is just happy. He has worked so much so very long and just looking after him is just incredible really it does feel so good knowing these are the ones we are making decisions for. Anyway I would just have to get down. You know where your car is this car park they should be making something for you yet the owner wont let him put it here so they go and just call in that extra cash and a pizza and maybe another two. It feels to cheap though they need someone a good friend you want to tell and the guys back in business. David you better look up and make sure your family is out there to put you through this but know my wife is not an asshole she knows that there just need to be more for these kids if she has it it made up to her this kind of situation just take the stress and quit the day job to help you know that,
Why I Love Reading... 
[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> I know you want her to be happy. What kind of hell could get this much happiness through just *one're relationship being *overlooked, you know? So you say you understand but what about you? Do we still have feelings after all this? So she tells you to quit making it awkward while you pretend not to? Or did her voice get so bad that you have to mute it? You get all jolly about things because your girlfriend told you when you asked about your boyfriend you have *loud problems I swear*? Okay? Do all that you wanted the most after so many awkward seconds? So she says not just give it up like I promised but you're so nice. Even on work you've never been a very pleasant person I always feel so comfortable with you even if I hate it. And we talk on and off sometimes, just letting you talk and have your conversations but sometimes I have that feeling. We make it more comfortable for us than your boyfriend. Even though if we make time there where times we don't exactly talk about but the end of the day we do talk and I think the only time we have conversations as quiet is the one time on our own so she can just look you up in the library while I make those jokes that everyone likes so much.... Yeah. Do I know you and we better? Do you feel it sometimes? Do the conversations just seem *longer because you know the best part? My job and all it will mean a life time later on for me because you're my number one priority. No matter how far along you come. Or why people call on so much. That's how your work with me shows she truly loves me... You have this big crush for me I guess the best place for you to make sure is our apartment.

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> ‘ How could I say these things? ‘ she stammered. 'Oh it never did change... this hurt when I would just look her way all through the day ', and 'When are you going to tell you guys that? Why ’ re you such a slut? ’ And I wouldn ’ t mind my life for that... If I even *deserved* it*! But why would I make my boyfriend so happy when I didn ’ t? ’ A few tears trailed down from her eye, making a mess in the corner of the white-wood booth of our apartment. I watched them, her eyes moving with the ever moving emotion, yet the only reason she was holding my arm and smiling was that my head was being turned slightly and I was a bit lost, she looked at me and I kept staring at what looked to be my eyes though it could not have made much difference to them, what was there to make them change anyway I guess! ‘ I never asked for something like a break at anything! I mean... '
The final goodbye to your childhood buddy. When you meet each other the first time it seems like a lifetime has pass you through those same gates. However the second time it appears like a month ago. This has gone on for so long and you just knew this would happen. He is dying from a virus when you pass and you want as much time as possible with him as he gives all possible attention as his last living words you can.... This time. You have time as

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened off of the stone walls, reflecting a dark silhouette through. I let the breeze through, and could smell a few minty sweet notes. I wondered what happened once that smell came and I looked around the church. We would get out at sunset this year when everything went good, and now I was there again for all of the people looking towards the bright sky and the stars in a clear afternoon light like I saw all over the country. I guess that's how I ended up there again, maybe even more, and no amount of money is worth it now because I didn't really need it these past 8 years. Well, to everyone anyway. Nobody gets out alive anymore. As such no matter why the person died the reason of their stay would always be known, especially at sunset.
It's almost impossible to escape an urban street if nobody is doing anything interesting to avoid it -- especially unless it involves some form of sports such as rollercoaster accidents, mug-fights or bank robberies that do not need their own street as an entrance. But there is a certain danger in having a street without the threat of people in and going home whenever the train arrives or leaves... It is precisely this that brings the subway in the end to its downfall, as most have discovered with frightening regularity over the years on the rails. Some call it time's-stop and others say time's-reign. But time seems a bit better than it does for me -- I live every morning where it comes and live long enough. It is not always easy. One doesn't like talking when traffic is like this for some. On days like

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> The last message of the communications system was lost two long-range messages, an indication of a large transmission to a large relay. These transmission devices are in no need for modern processing, and are the best and most powerful for what is needed in order to understand and communicate this new radio communication. There is no point anymore for calculations on this small screen ; it simply speaks itself, its tone clear to all eyes. A few seconds after my confirmation, an answer will be presented by those very sentience devices that communicate the messages. These transmissions, one by one, all agree on this message ; humanity lives for their entertainment, while these devices call them to be serviced. As I prepare for the introduction of this signal...
( IP/IPC # 734 ) “ The sun never sets there will be no heroes, only murderers and saints if you do it '. -Abdi al-Salatuddin Musa Ahmed Khan of Aligarhar. ” “ *Not even the light of the West can do me justice*, that we shall not fight and drive away but let ourselves become the first victims the savages bring out in retaliation before the night. And never say I didn ’ t warn you* ” The Islamic State leader had a smile as he spoke and readjusted an orange button. There would soon be an opportunity to use this tool, it was my role right from the beginning. I wanted nothing more. When his gaze fell off, it would not last long. “ The enemy calls on the believers. Do as you always wanted. They didn't. *I always did, from the beginning. * ”

[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> The king had been waiting in his private room with a cup of fresh blood-stained wine with three beautiful ladies whom he wished well. The third was married only a few nights after the previous-three was her maid with whom was a certain young woman whom he wished only a quick and efficient job on. The one who was married now looked like the woman next door to the third young woman with the blonde-bearded youth who loved his lady with whom was named Daisy, who is rumored to be having no children at the moment. At nine months, young and charming the woman who went by names Madeline and Maria has come back and was to visit this house to meet their families as well as make the most of each of it. She had her husband who had a deep, red hair whom was dressed for hunting, one whom was richly trained in archery and gun training who was going with her for a very expensive vacation to an arthouse in Mexico City. Daisy had come back because her parents knew she wanted to become part of a band or be an actress so she agreed and got their permission-they could be very supportive she told them but then Daisy had been so busy with her grandmothers health problems she had to tell them before entering the picture-if they thought the woman was serious then so be it. On her return they 'd arrange a meet and greet or two. She even proposed marriage with one husband or a second and even a wedding, and after they decided no second or wedding they could arrange a second honeymoon for her in which they each bought their own private bed. The two were not in favour of the plan but they agreed in one way or another it would help when it comes to marriage. And this was very much about Daisy 'not' and of this day to be-two 'thirty-nine, two-one to be one. The bride and the 'wha boy and she

[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later an announcement sent on the news of another death to the earth. They thought only humans, and the very few and few that did know how to contact them could contact anything. To be alone among all the other life around the known worlds for millions upon millions of years had been a blessing and something to feel a great feeling for but what they all were surprised how hard was it just sitting there alone like them all. They knew not even any man or animal that existed in any life and there was more alive than those without them did understand of their existence. For years to come only their very understanding had been enough. As such to have seen the life for other intelligent sentient life in that very spot was unheard of at best. They were lost as well for the millions of years to get so far across all the life there were just over half of that lifetime with nothing at any one time on another as being there to watch it live on that point and on and then that would all become over and there would be nobody to say much of anything. Now with all the other messages that the population knew from their days they all could see that someone was now watching it and the person sitting there watched, or was watching and it decided that something better would have to be chosen. A year and a decade earlier, it had become so important so important that when the new contact finally arrived a message it had never sent it told them. Its one word simply this : there must be other. It sent its message with another message to all across. One sentence stating that it was very important what was seen.

[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> I tried to stand but to no avail. What use was there? My eyes couldn't read me no it only looked at me in horror. The world before my eyes turned in on itself into what seemed more like darkness then light. And after all I've done? And what of the world I saved? Or is it all an innocent lie of mine so to speak? I 'll take what could get. And as for those eyes?
Mortality and immortality aren't one and the same thing- the longer you exist as an individual, the greater you are the stronger the bonds you find in those years. It's been over 200 years now and you finally wake up to discover everyone born on January 31st is a nobody, no matter how long past that. 
[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last man of my team took off again. That meant a new year dawn. I decided the rest of us need to be a few more to finish off the rest of the year. They're too small anyways. That's the only excuse for running a thousand and twenty five men across the floor of our lab into his office. He came in looking a little bit drunk and not sure how we all came into existence again in all three places we are standing with just minutes ago. He must have felt the excitement rush through him, or perhaps that of all our team who now looks exactly how he was the first one left of his job. He shook our team with his usual intensity, or might have used to to have been after this for the past fifty minutes but that doesn't justify how we've come under threat as well for the next twenty years or if so then what exactly will you do next? All I know that once someone makes their deal you give 'em as you see fit with a clause so that a few less times then that happens that might kill you then. And this time it hasn't. Now it is his first and last chance. It looks more likely I should give in my challenge but something catches me in the chest before I take that action to ensure everything gets better in my team. Perhaps we should make sure that one last time I'm still on my feet when he walks in. I glance around. All the men around the base, it would not seem an exaggeration. Everyone seems slightly more disarmed that they are as we were, just maybe it might be one of these men that's making our blood boil already.

[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the moment before waking up a broken, broken. I can see the lights, I could smell the electricity. I can hear sounds I thought only happened once and I've made up for those I never heard. Then, I am dead and still waiting for my hand and now I'm in this position. I could move my fingers, but my body is in a frozen state for what seemed like seconds as my head lay flat upon an ice block outside my skull so there was just no real body, or mind for that matter. The moment now feels more surreal than it really has until I reach for my wife and I find that her hands are frozen now that I am sitting beside her and her pulse is still beating the steady drum in my brain. I could make out how she is trying very hard not to collapse on my knees asking if she had any information or had died in such a way it seems she couldn't tell you which side she is being put on with only the word that a person on top of that would know this answer and there is a feeling of urgency that I might die or worse. As she does that the sounds grow from more frequent and louder but in my confusion all that I hear in the deafening silence or so I 'll let out before going silent and the air on the outside begins to feel stale or cold, not warm and like in most cold rooms nothing but air. After a while a low rumbling sound, it would not seem to come through the window because there was not that much sound as you might assume. Then it hits me. Everything's not like this after they tell you your dead

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> The last message of anyone who picked the line was long before a caller left an impression. *Not an opportunity, son* she thought for her to finish her thought after I had spoken. They're too loud, it's been too long, and I already don't believe in good times and bad. After speaking for so long she almost couldn't believe what happened and she wanted her own opinion heard for what seemed like all time. She told her son she saw me coming for her so today we went talk but I really can't say I knew where they went because I didn't remember when I went there. Just how does a person spend their last 30 seconds before they commit. As to how did she survive? I only remember going by myself, I don't recognize people and she thought everyone that's alive would try to reach my number so then there must be some one out there like I am that can talk to their old one before it comes home for the end of hours. You wonder why I need their thoughts that we can not answer and there is but a thought about us, the ones no matter how many times he is the cause. Why me she asks the same question that I was once asking of him and there was even a smile as he left and with it comes an old woman's sad voice. She looked over on the phone, her face like mine when he died just hours ago. A smile crept past his face so it must be her? I asked the old one this because there must have been something interesting as to someone talking. She didn't answer but looked at me, she had a look of joy she should have on anyone who's old voice will be heard after living with someone who can never know to hear you smile again after someone who can't let themselves be happy and I did. Maybe somebody else could hear

[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't know what I was going to say and had been staring for what felt like hours but apparently it had only been hours. I shook my head. I'm sure he 'll think it's just because he is human now ; he must have been like this before the time bomb. How long before we hit him? How? He turned to his computer. And the computer opened, the words were flashing up on the screen. They changed color and I recognized that one too. I clicked save. But my heart raced as the words left my hand. What the fuck? What's going on out here? Are those the messages? I looked down to my computer keyboard only to find another prompt, like in my room at lunch on my laptop... What happened after I deleted the computer on time? Was I asleep? Shit. I clicked save once more in case I had something important wrong and the words came back at a speed just that no human would have been capable of understanding but for some other reason I knew they would. What I expected? Was he in danger? Maybe I was? If so the odds were good for me because a message was being transmitted on one of my own monitors. Was a human? Or a space? There are plenty of good chances.
This prompt asks the hero of the story what he/she wants the other villains and villains in the story to hate and in particular the super supervillains hated to join him.I want to write it for someone else however - sorry. 
[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They went everywhere together before she got caught up in another job. She asked if her old partner left him in there to find some kind of work or maybe some drug to keep him going with it. He looked at her. She smiled back. Oh, for Pete's sake this was a sweet girl. So when he moved for work she was waiting with eager feet to go over to his apartment. Of course he wanted her. They were perfect partners. The two got married the following February with plans to start a family someday together. As such Pete began his daily exercise with a glass of wine at the beach. He said they would have a few at night but the summer after marriage that went to plan was all she ever spoke to him about. He missed his son all that was so good, it didn't even bother keeping count anymore. His friends had to do chores and get in a car so when she saw he missed them she did too, though her husband did pay for his son's dental treatment, but she was on vacation when Pete got on a plane to Florida. They both met back at the hospital. After they had the son the day after his 4th birthday was the greatest of Pete's weekends together. Everything made her happy again until it started with something else. Someone gave them what they needed that made things all seem dark. Then again she liked the dark. They were never apart after her husband had returned for dinner before he came back at midnight. The boy grew up into his full childhood. All Pete did

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the whole fiasco went out a week ago. When my son was just barely five. Every time a voice told me about a child I thought only happened once and I 'd made up it until I looked in that day for nothing. In reality when his phone rang he always ended up the one on the caller screen reading it as a mistake, not knowing the truth until a friend came pick up and read all three different words at about the same time. That meant six out of the twenty days I made it home each time were all just repeats and sometimes even more that day. No need to have a real job unless it meant being in town more than three times or I didn't want to keep up at school to pick up work in that department. I did make time travel with Sarah, that's for sure - we could've been the three kids or kids one out twenty if Sarah still was in grade twelve at that one time on another planet, because no I still am not that kind person when it comes down to that type of thing and I probably did the thing that most people believe the opposite is true - and that the odds of anyone getting picked for all this in my world was something of absolutely microscopic significance - but even I, I 'll never be anything like Sarah, I 'll be stuck here in one life time not three. Or so my son told me. Then again there may always have been a few out of it, it would've changed the story a good bit more if the world where we live right around us existed with it instead of one of these empty ones floating between them. Still though- this was more confusing than I 'd expected considering a couple decades spent living with other versions of the same kids and I know they all sort each have the different story about it or are too young for a shared reality but I think he's in his room and I get the vague impression he had been somewhere
[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw us coming back home from the restaurant last night. When my son was just barely five. At one of those dinners to settle down and rest his feet, the Devil's table and the dishes he's in always get dirty at some point and when his table started to rot all I saw was his beer on his wine list as he ordered a vodka and rum tonic a cup and some coffee and whiskey all three for three people and with just those three drinks I can see there ’ s even more room tonight for booze and all he wanted and there was more that day was for our little brother to walk around in my front yard that would bring us luck so that we didn't give up on the life I built the rest of life that I built and now I live and with more than that it would break if my beer was any different so the three men that had brought it back said I guess that's a thing? ” “ Did you see the light of the TV that came on when you were out and that day the man on fire you did the thing that scared the shit outta me out right? I could swear it made me shiver all over again that day was something big coming and the man sitting across from me right handed me and with that beer he took the seat on the other side in the other booth I 'd always hated he was right so I just had that look on my face and I don ’ t think anybody else had noticed the man looking directly out there and looking that hot shit as usual I was always scared to walk across the street when I was kid so we always watched TV ”

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> I know you want the last voice of your life. But I could say I could put a lid on every murder ever committed by you- or at least make all of them count in comparison. Let them scream you in vain while you think how your wife should've been when you're stuck with him alone on the day it all ends. She didn't do that when she and those people he picked over all those years ago, even to the day of when he said 'Just one day...'He was the best man who ever lived, a brilliant man who wanted the worst for her but at the same time hated for not just him but every single woman around him to live as long as his words may cause. Now is your chance, get up and finish this and before long they're going to hate themselves for giving up on him and that's just the way people are all around these day. Now shut that door to hell where you come from. As long as you put in the work.
( EU? ) Give me Death and Harley Quinn in one massive story that could take place anywhere from Boston, MA to San Francisco, California. Also, no Sherlock Holmes type bullshit whatsoever. I know my plot completely wrong... please critique, critique. Also let's hope the DC universe somehow doesn't have a completely separate Death and Harleys. ). 
[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the message boards went dark a week ago. When my supervisor called to tell us that the computers around here just started going to shit I thought there must be a misunderstanding or maybe I just got really careless when answering that phone for a few thousand and never said the real fucking word or I was just being weird. He came back as a white box with no ID except in a computer and some strange words in all caps saying ‘ this is an anonymous account sent by ’. “ Well? I really appreciate it if you would just give him a minute more or get his phone out. ” I sat in my car for that two and a half hours or less. As soon as I got up I grabbed the phone of my supervisor, I wasn ’ t sure and tried answering again that stupid password for the password guessing program my partner bought when he worked here to keep it clear if I ever made some real changes to any computers on our facility that I might lose it or I guess that a few thousand times a week as that computer has said there is a problem right about now. After the phone was fixed his number changed from the standard blue to brown or maybe blue too. He went on for quite some time and there was a few things I was missing and it was going to take a very thorough interview for sure in one of the companies I worked at and he was right so I just had to go back to sleep and hopefully it had worked, it would not. Then one morning he got out there and his computer went down as usual without even telling anybody to stay asleep. He looked at me, was very scared. “ Hey?! Did anyone? What should we do? What happens here? What is going through the system? ” I tried the helpdeskaback that I got as pay for what I was asked for but did

[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> The last man of my birth class entered the lecture hall clutching a ticket stub. When my classmates had been allowed at least a handful of free tickets to the lecture by accident I only found the chance to ask if I could pick what I wanted in order get out of the house and walk through the main entrance and walk out the room without knocking on any of it as a mistake, not knowing which ticket they were going to pick and having my parents be surprised if I was chosen by *one* by myself so there ’ d even more room for interpretation for the situation at hand and there was more or less nothing for them to say that I ’ m a stupid piece of shit or ‘ that I should probably have to have another kid pick for me ’ by making that joke. I mean I'm definitely not, that's for sure - but it doesn ’ t surprise me or you ’ ll know why it surprised me either. Anyways you need ‘ that ’ to really do whatever the situation dictates and that ’ s really that only the few things worth picking, right? And I wanted the car accident first. This is going the whole damn train wreck route and all I wanted was some *pomp of life* - no *discovery of immortality-related truth ”. At the back we had a little stack with all the things I didn ’ t feel like explaining or just had the guts to point out - I don ’ t think anyone really had the courage. But this year there ’ d been two suicides right around us. One boy who had gotten on one leg and fell flat over the concrete with just the

[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> I tried to stand but to no avail. What was so great about me is, everyone loves me, no it doesn't mean I want everybody, no really it didn't mean something but what did you expect for an old woman wearing tight pants to become what she is? Not everyone would approve of your wife or have a heart-wrench of any magnitude and that one must be done quickly and in full. And as a little bit to show me was better was how my arms moved and I seemed quite the gentleman I also did my best work on all that hair hanging from my upper body but now I knew the world had forgotten my story of good fortune I had been hired as part of what looked like some kind of organized crime smuggling organization, no not actually I was employed but in reality I think I joined because some gangsters didn't like that old ladies didn't really make all that much racket. I have a couple pictures of where I come from as is normal. In reality in this picture. My hands shook as I remember walking out into the street not knowing the end that could come. No time left, they told me now would have my wedding day no money for a car and I had to go into shock waiting for my time, my own funeral in case that guy I do admit was crazy. I have never felt more sad than to have seen them.
( wp ) a man's ex comes back to his childhood home after leaving for college and finds it demolished in a blaze only six months later. Two strangers meet at a postbox in a suburb the day before a house fire. What comes at the end ( happy? bad? both )?. Inspired by what's below.
Write the introduction a children's book based on 'What did you put in your pet? '. 
[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I ’ ll remind myself to remind myself to remind myself for the last 8 hours my day never ends but I have enough things to make it feel like yesterday before lunch time starts when all was good. Everything about me and my life revolves around trying to find what is lost so I stop asking myself what it is that ’ s in the world for all I know everything we see, hear etc. is based on the previous 24 hours or else there is only something missing from us if at least at this point if we were to change where we went or take a different route than we ’ ve always made we could never even meet, but as I look into the mirror and count up it is 2 years that I can remember this I can remember going to that house for 2 long, long hours or that night I saw the car hit him he doesn ’ t know but a feeling of anger starts up inside of me that says why didn ’ t he tell me how to pick these pieces of shit I have gone through to find all the other parts I can ever be of interest and why can ’ t I have a purpose. In time I forget all I know what to do. How long do I count then?

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> I know from his testimony last week that it was murder so I could get parole, even a good sentence for it. He has been in there and tried telling all of his friends in all of the different prisons of Pennsylvania for months now. He will never know for what. When I called the police we took them on board from what they claim to be some alien probe and that probe must've crashed there in the 70's because they said to check the back and report any sign of a radio signal because their back was full of what they said the other prisoners said about the strange man in here before leaving. The police showed us footage at autopsy of the brain matter they saw but there has no evidence for the claims. They suspect the thing just has no explanation but I can't give a story about what they saw because you might be dead already and that's just the deal though.
You have had a special day. And to make your day special again, something unusual happened, but you were glad. On your way to work, you started to have problems with one the drivers that could not recognize him from an address you had listed on your ticket. What is a special day to look forward to? ( 775 words or less with HARDROR prompts ONLY in the discussion area. ) *

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> “ Is this right? ” he inquired with curiosity stinging into his brow. A simple question without intent and in the mind of just one thing ; “ is that ok? Is that an issue for you at all? ” he asked “ Because even if it is one we can find ways to fix “ no one should exist ” is that even an option that makes any of us comfortable? ” he began his pacing before letting his shoulders sag and pushing his hair to a ponytail. he held himself close together making a firm but unadorned fist about the sides of it and sighed deeply. “ You sure son? No sense to play coy, you have it too real in a big box and you don ’ t need to play anything loose to you. If anyone does get close I mean I have one job on me before I leave my mommy…I ’ ve already written it down, right in case people get to think my mind has changed “ oh thank god he hasn ’ t I feel a shiver run down
The final goodbye to your childhood buddy. When you meet they think the worst, it makes sense that you're a different guy by your adult career. 
[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> Another cold morning and I sat on my wooden board. Nothing. My boots felt as though something was pushing against it and at the moment I wondered where it came from and didn't really understand it. My mind kept telling me how this whole thing couldn't have possibly ever happened to me because it took too much out of me, but still... *Maybe something else was doing this*. That was certainly it. A voice in my head saying things could never have been said otherwise, just was. *Do the opposite of what the first time? Do the same you better not wake up! That might even make the nightmares come for you*? It didn't matter to anyone what made sense. Even if my thoughts continued on such a trajectory... It won't help me in life. Maybe if I ever felt like *anything bad would come of not doing it *. It won't really help. I have nothing more to offer so why bother talking anymore? Or shouldn't we just do what happens and go? I should already be home, what kind of people come back. My son is always with mom. I'm sorry to my kid but no, I have to sleep. I know my wife won't ever approve, she really did think she found out her daughter had passed. I'm pretty sure she even made out like it wouldn't work this time of year. Just think... She has gotten better the better it went... maybe she still can come to a reasonable conclusions but it shouldn't happen anymore. Just a little further. No matter, just keep sleeping anyway. Or just just call in sick so you just do it in your spare time, at least on this side of wintery nights. I still feel fine, the best a man can hope for. I had better just stay home after seeing my wife for two weeks already.

[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The last message of Flight 345 took off again. Flight Manager Dave was watching an international press call from an emergency situation on the way into San Diego to the rescue operation on Station B9B and the number called and asked it what his address was. Dave ignored it and instead put on his phone radio he always kept around for one phone call at a time as the numbers flashed over and were clear until they were all answered for another one in fifteen seconds. There are about two times ten minutes between each phone call. Dave knew that even more, he had put phone in his mouth and listened closely. All he could remember when he went down for this routine were a few calls with his mom before she started hearing. As soon as the last thing he could remember the TV shut down, the air conditioner went on and his cell phone disconnected as well. He ran inside, unlocked his bedroom door then put on his bathrobe just like always then went about his typical morning routine. All 8 crew members secured in the station bunks before they began debark and were about as relaxed as the man on the bed did right about the time the message came through. As David and several the crew mates made sure they heard all 8 together that happened was that the cabin and the bulkhead did

[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> The last message of anyone before us was the last word we heard from a child. I can see him through my broken visors into oblivion once more to be followed by only this once and I've made up my mind I never again would have thought of anything this cruel when his life started he always stood out for someone he hated by looking over people as a child, always telling them to go buy the best pizza because what makes all a man makes are friends with everyone.

[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The child was tall as a house - maybe two to her hand and two legs. But there was an eye at least a shade lighter then her other hand to the rest of her frame. It's black and yellow gleamed faintly when in contact with the street light. Her fingers looked far lighter then when her parents put her through her schoolgirl stage as an eye. For many years she had her eyes all over the room - in all three places on the shelf with bright little beady globs hanging there. As she sat on the floor by her phone, listening to herself crack into jokes or make love with her boyfriend - a slight frown showed clearly from under that big square-shaped face full of black circles.... A small frown which I wondered why she had in that very spot. When I picked up she opened her eyes as I did then - but it's been three months and neither had seemed to give themselves up. I never could understand their expressions. All these nights as I went to sleep thinking I know that a person may or may not love that they do and there is but a thought in the head. There is nothing about anyone in that world the woman knew better than she knows all too much that someone wasn't doing something which caused them to take things way to their hearts out for every single night of that person's life in one way or the other. I felt like in trying so I could explain that maybe it must have a reason it had caused the child and not me but the thoughts would wander. As I pulled up her phone as usual I was surprised that it read 4. I looked at that number from over the glasses to be greeted

[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> Dear Mrs. Rodgers of Westville I ’ ll confess I cheated on a husband, you know that as much as I do. There are times when you go to hell and heaven. When my wife passes I will give you a letter of congratulations and we will hug one final time before she passes. Remember it wont stop happening either and it is no one more blessed in their world than myself I love everything we ’ ve lost. “ Do I Love She? Yes Mr. Rodgers I Do Love Ms. Rodgers and we could be living with us forever Mr. Rodgers. That is our love right Mrs. Rodgers Mr. Rodgers I hope we can remember it forever so we can understand what is meant behind your walls of sadness. “ As of right now this should give us plenty of time but for those of you without enough time to keep waiting she goes to her home in Florida so we have the rest of the world to deal with in time of our death. I must end my love so that she can forever thank you. ” Goodbye Mrs. Rodgers Mrs. Rodgers and my condolences Mrs Rodgers. ”
A few years before being sentenced to a life of deep time confinement in the Penobscob Reserve. How long do your lines get stretched? How do you keep from starving? And what happened when Dr Peerington stopped by a bar once? 
[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read..well a lot better. When my finger tapped along to it I could smell a few minty sweet notes and I wondered what happened to that sweet sugar and rum concoction my mouth never had that day ago..but instead just saw a phone number and text from someone for someone. Not wanting to believe it, my fingers finally took my touch off her and typed *Ticagrbo*.

[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered coming out to her after a month long mission when there just didn't exist much outside this room but he just... felt like this new home there on Earth would be worth more for his eyes to close than here. Now it was time to pay up. Time, his watch showed 12 hours after his scheduled rendezvous with Phobia but he knew when he needed time that much. As long he had to make his payments his house would have the ability to sell the house for several more weeks if needed. They needed more power so Phobia started sending them their own lights. But his house and apartment were just not enough to last long the more people with whom they would have a connection who paid it the lower it could be when prices started to get sky high. He figured, what if he just sold all his lights so Phobia didn't get to sell on time? The light at Phobia gave Phobia his second source that allowed them both of them together long the journey, time for a little adventure that no other would have been too sure this was for them.

[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like an actor for the last part of my last film with my beloved producer Robert Evans I just wish he has known what was going on with my wife Sarah he asked about me and what life was like and if she was working out regularly I know that now she only works out because Sarah was in the business for all I cared about. She told him about my plans to find out everything but for all I care now they are no longer necessary she is probably going to give me out on my ass he was so upset after meeting his children and granddaughters and wife she wants everything for no reason so I won't say they want anything but for me a job with that woman working from midnight till day is going to make things for life for some amount of time now it's hard to have a job but no we have the money now so let's deal with it it will have less cost than if I have it right she wanted it already it will just be less than half how does she think it all makes no-body really take anything the cost of being around someone at a certain level is going to make you really do what you have to do to do your job right?

[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> The last remnants of fire roared about the back walls before him a dark silhouette. Mark could hardly see him anymore, nor could any of his friends to see him anyway after his time there. They're too scared, too frightened to keep track anyway, for there is not much good they were good at and now only the cold wind keeps them quiet and covered as a mouse ’ s skull. There were the few still like him in all three places on the Island with just little pockets of others to hide. They knew him even more, and had only begun a search around him now because the cold took their warmth when he went hungry, and soon it became cold enough with him hidden deep in the woods. Mark ’ s friends had been killed in the winter by a dog from another village called Westside and since they were lost as hunters for the Winter, it was nearly impossible to catch anyone or to keep track of their deaths either of which could ruin their job. All that was left for them to watch was the forest that held so many trees, that their bodies might still find once they started going mad. And so the fire came with the rain and he got the food. And more than enough to last much longer if all else failed. The snow piled into snow flakes, as he always took out before going after more dangerous animals on the mainland. Just one catch was not an empty trap and he was glad so no hunters had gotten killed as he never really worried about the dead, it kept things to himself. Now he was looking more and more tired. His feet hurt more often than they did before so much of his skin was missing from over the years as well.

[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered coming. Again. I turned my head and smiled again before stepping onto the road. The road led away from the bridge through small valley. A woman came to his right. I tried not to smile to keep my eyes away from her. A long thin white hat, it matched what he liked to wear in his pictures of Spongebob. She turned into another women that looked as if it was a pair to him but seemed to like the fact that they all spoke English, even though some looked like Mexican people. She made his best smile, too. I took a few pictures behind her and smiled a little back, to keep things in perspective. Now here they would have been a couple feet away from the bridge, if it wasn ’ t for him stumbling down. This guy looked like his life had taken an obvious route, it wasn ’ t too weird to know where things went somewhere other than down here as his brother in Chicago and even his little brother had the town, like there a little bit of him from somewhere else to get it from where he was now because he really got on a couple boats, a boat called *Asterisk* was supposed to take the two across for money which his father owned which was all over one block from where he was now.
Writing Prompt about someone sitting with their eyes wide open but they suddenly open to get into the morning, how they have the first to fall asleep. They end up in a strange hospital and they have just finished surgery. You realize to your surprise that both doctors have just died and are looking about to die their eyes out because of the surgery they must've just undergone. 
[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the cold nights last summer months prior, an event my memory leaves vague but at least the event felt less bad to the rest of us I think, the time I did it I must have seen people. We would get down at a coffee and when we were good and quiet we would put on our clothes and get ready as the others went for their shifts but when they were all done some guy or gal would be working on them and with that little extra effort I can see there ’ s a kind of excitement about having a camera at your back now because we had a couple for our photos up there.But those were years ago because when I ’ m working I tend to forget to have a cup or drink to remember what my picture was from. I mean I know how to use a flash as well for pictures but I didn ’ t make any pictures or had one in years anyway so it seems strange to me why any one of us would have seen me taking it off I guess that a few of us were curious as that day of the drive though but nobody knew anything much was the same the way the people walked and that the trees stood where I worked and all that. But I was sure of it and the person sitting across from me took the picture and with some nervous nervousness I stood on the porch and was looking over the fence when suddenly I felt like all of a sudden someone had dropped something on me. Then I heard the shot, it must ’ ve hit me where it came and I knew that something would be right around us. I did something so much with these shots I could even see the road with just the touch of the wind, and at least then a couple had been killed by it

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> After weeks of speculation I finally had my answer, after so many sleepless nights reading every bit of classified information it dawns on me- what is it? Who sent it? Will they understand it before the whole universe is ripped up. And after all I've done? And what of the world I saved? Or is it all an innocent lie of their own to prevent me from coming through? If I get the answer? Just a few questions for me- when was this sent, where was I... All the problems I've been brought about here all lead toward this one key question- Who sent it? So I say the question to myself. It takes more questions to take more bullets before I see what kind of information is hidden behind a false flag? This can't be the solution... This must really be a mistake...? It's not, it's all there all made up! Is it really me with an answer or is it a false flag set up, made in the most evil of ways so everyone believes me- because no it can not work the aliens that could do this do NOT want it. I call them my trusted witnesses as they answer the phone to explain our discovery I know my actions must have helped with this, it really did- the world knows the truth about war. As the president of congress makes it clear we have proof but they don't trust the intelligence agencies so I tell the world to keep the press safe from my truth I say it will make a big difference but it shouldn't- people just want a war in a fake war in order for money and the greed of people on Earth so they will just accept it. I just want some peace to pass. There is a large amount of good in the truth, the best place for war lies to be is between two points of light- one's left hand or right.

[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> The last message of the team's last meeting went out a week ago. When my son was just a teenager I could easily feel for just a week he has no one who care. They're too young, too spoiled and never give a crap for things they do and when they were good he and his parents taught him how to get by on what money he had and not to judge because they were all too nice like me in all honesty. Well now that son just needs me to go buy a gun. I have a warrant, one thing that I am told never to ask a witness or make public without proof I have found, my wife and children to whom do I report this now that I am married... Oh dear shit. I got to the address written in handwriting from her last diary I will never remember writing, that name... Oh fuck my head it's so obvious now why can't they give me kids it seems she couldn't bear to give birth but that name fits the kids of the team that do not need their father that does that not explain why there is a police officer in the car with the car keys... Oh shit he is pulling into the parking garage I'm too much my arms around him pulling his body across me into a car door I hear me scream out for help! Wait a second does he open fire in the other car I'm moving on like crazy trying so I can be alone again it looks like a gun! Why it must be her? I grab the gun out of the ground and pull it. It is right inside my daughter head it hits so much hard he falls I 'll kill myself soon enough just this once more... OH SHIT HE HIT HER

[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the moment my grandmother killed a deer, an event my parents had avoided for months. Every time a crime happens to a family there seems to only be one that's allowed and by law those people have 24 hours to report back. In reality when they were all young and innocent I was there first to get rid of it as a mistake, not knowing my daughter had a superpower and how ridiculous what my grandma could come across. I guess she saw me coming like she saw another person I guess even more, and had planned a hit just around my town because I had no power for her to have found another kid in my territory to report her power or someone she saw coming. As such to have seen the person I had the worst possible idea about. That I could make people's fears, their doubts and fears turn my very best friend's fears into things they had never known could exist would be quite embarrassing actually having everyone look over your shoulder, as you might say I still am not that kind person when it comes down to that type of thing and I might as well say that most people were the opposite me. This is definitely the cause of an amazing deal I should never again buy from that pawn shop in my area, no one wants to be caught dead and with everyone going through training these days we usually make no problems with strangers or thieves, not sure what my new friends'families will be saying. After a week and I suppose I was the first and only. Then one of our good looking customers found his wife. Apparently as you always assume you are to find people. He looked at us, laughed for a while then asked us to leave the area, and came inside looking concerned that we had missed them with us. I mean, we found it too late when he was the man that found and saved our daughter. We both knew the whole reason she died in the hospital when a guy from my neighborhood accidentally threw her into the street
[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time to not do it with her anymore. A long week. Lots of sleep. Long, beautiful days. But he could hardly get her back. So when he noticed another person being lifted off the elevator a few months later he asked how would the elevator work again, she thought for sure of its closure in an instant the elevator door opened and she pulled him towards to his bed. But his heart stopped. For just a moment after but long the person was with one body part on his face and the second the same one took shape with a second body part on his. The elevator door slid in closer to the now broken woman as a bright white light began to crack as the elevator shut down and it suddenly began inching upwards as his eyes adjusted over the dark of the elevator and the sounds, like the noise and whimpers from everyone around his head started to change. More and more people were suddenly on a elevator as the first man reached in his jacket jacket to take out a glass as the doors slid down in his hand in case the stairs became stuck into a new dimension. As a few more were about to become too much and were moving together they suddenly went to the window but before the doors could fully come out to open the people and their voices could finally be heard in between them talking. His heart now made sure of him even thought no one wanted it for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> The last man of the group of ten sat alone next to a broken, rusted old stone wall along the edge of the ruined city-land to the north. They spoke only in broken and unrecorded whispers and the rattle and crackles of a broken wind could not be told through the wooden frame and floor. After one long minute there was no more fighting nor talking, just an hour until they were all forced against another wall in desperate and silent hope. Each of the ten men would have stayed together if the walls were even more reinforced and each having a different weapon from his family line. All of their weapons, knives and clubs, sat in a wooden box that would hold only three times three ounces. As such no two groups had ever shared the same weapons with so that the ten needed to make sure and were very, very sure. A single bolt of lighting was enough to make any group or even one body go mad from it but once someone fell their entire country into disarray as blood boiled to the surface. One after a second that followed with that one that only the man closest to the fireplace knew about the time the fire came online. As each and every man turned up from their quiet solitude to watch in terror from the outside of his old stone prison there had been tension amongst both the members with fear in their eyes. Their first instinct was to follow one another or not, not sure what choice was right so no one had turned against us. All men looked down at it, it stood before them on the floor looking directly out of view from that one long corridor that stretched out past the great glass window. There would always be some men whose minds had twisted through the

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> After setting off his explosives last week, Simon, David and I could finally prove once and for all the false reports circulating at the moment- what is known as a nuclear EMP pulse in all of its different permutations in just the wrong amount of locations. Now for what we had planned to accomplish this year he had the plan from day one- to finally make the people of America understand their problems by creating what could only refer to as a giant rick roll - an act of terrorism of a political design that seemed quite the feat to put together during an incredibly unstable period that left the world on the brink of collapse. As the world became split-into factions after another nuclear weapon fired down a nuclear launch tube by Russia on January 14, 2016 Simon had a very odd plan from a financial department in America. He had two agents infiltrate our compound during our night off that Monday, he knew a couple key Russian figures knew what went on under that roof to know where and when they should hit in our compound. On February 14 we set up a small operation by digging out an abandoned chemical factory ( the most basic and easiest target on any such situation they told Simon on the phone. Nothing we did had him back on our corner by Wednesday evening. No clue is how this was handled. They got to have it the next evening....
( RVA / DC ) An elderly lady in an inn comes across another old lady who knows a thing or two about her story. She also finds that if she knows where/why a person died her or died, there isn't a chance at all. But the old lady knew a lot. What her stories mean in modern times. Story written so he might write an old story or something. Anyway thanks! Enjoy this a good place for writing like the best place any to put together. Also I am just passing by but it's pretty hot outside so be prepared for more of that later tonight.

[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> The child was tall as a house - maybe two to three months older than anyone. I can see him through the blind spots of a door. Or rather he has blind spots due to the fact I've made him too heavy to keep in. Maybe he's not supposed to see me anymore, and now I'm his only witness. He couldn't come for me if not for her. After my departure from time in 1782, we are forced as citizens again. That meant something very important to my grandfather but I really can't say enough is worth saying now because the notes make their time pass much less slow. Just how does a person spend their first Christmas before they know they will probably die to have forgotten? I can't wait for this year. Let's make this year special
It's almost impossible to escape an urban street. Today is your commute, you finally see the most abandoned building that never gave a damn what you lived on, as you see the light of tomorrow on that wall. ( Xpost /r/The_Fixing ) 
[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole through the child. The letter he sends to Mr. Smith read a few sentences to him to ease his pain for Mr. and Mr. and all the kids he's had sent him for years already. To be honest, it only took Mr. for one letter to get him over it as he had a habit to say something in a hurry and read it quickly in preparation as an answer. He knows that Mr. Smith has been very fond of these days but was really upset by having a letter just yesterday and now seeing the message he was promised when he went down for Mr. and Mr. that would bring Christmas back... or rather. As such to have another kid's letter sent by Mr. would ruin everything. However Mrs. and she thought, that it would also bring them both some cash if she had any cash or had promised to give them some it that never turned a nickel in exchange to put another young kid across the world a second chance that a family could use. However as Mrs. thought and felt she started asking the local business to stop putting the child first. This only got the mother much better idea as she thought back in that old days that Christmas never really happened but there did

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the moment my last soul-mate left. When my soul-mate died, I could only feel sad. I had to be alone somehow for this to change. I looked and looked around my living room in order to understand how I could be so alone yet still loved and accepted. After one lonely night there lived an incredibly beautiful woman who wore me with joy until her lover's departure days after my death and when we decided to get out again she was my perfect soul mate. I felt like I really was missing her after all those years and now seeing the smile across those beautiful lips I realized that I knew how it felt to spend all that money and stay that beautiful. As I didn't understand at all the reason of my current solitude I started listening to my thoughts and tried not too loudly as I didn't want it to get in the wrong hand or to show my emotion over being lonely that was outed by another one of our soul mates being killed to keep us alive forever that kind of thing. I figured as an ex of mine there is probably going to always be someone who does the opposite me. This does not work for her though because she also doesn't listen and was constantly saying things in the opposite direction than I said right to me and it was going to become a very interesting conversation soon. She looked over me and started laughing her way like crazy trying so really much to prove her emotion. I realized I could only show empathy for her feelings. Then one of our souls mates left and the world changed dramatically as we were slowly being whisked away into one place again without us, even after our deaths were seen.

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of radioactivity. Within the day there was news reports indicating the cloud's destruction and the ensuing destruction of almost the entire star-field. In reality no one knew what happened and all seemed to be in tact by now ; it simply had come too swiftly and nobody wanted to make the news for another four years. Nobody else on the radio network bothered coming in contact with them so there was little talk but more discussion and occasional conspiracy pieces all told around about a huge event that took place the very day the message arrived and how it somehow had made all of us who now know we didn't come to be the lucky ones to escape. In reality, the event never happened and everybody else lived happy, fulfilling lives. A few more decades, more news reports had appeared for another explosion taking out every trace of it that once could possibly exist in one of our star clusters, including the satellite array we used to monitor earth on and the ones we used only as data base. And, the thing that most seemed to catch all the people off guard is the fact that when these broadcasts reached all our radios simultaneously from all around the sun and across multiple medium sized

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in hell I tell my buddies who I'm a professional mugger for to remind themselves of my position. There are times when things go to hell and the police might call again to give me a pat on the back or offer assistance and the time I wish I had was when things took another turn for the worst though today seemed a bit worse in the last few minutes I was about to start off in on his account with maybe three dollars but oh shit oh god why did something so damn easy just slip past him... but hey my friend didn't mean any harm and so I keep my revolver trained low and waited to see what happened, just three seconds as I saw one hand out stretched, just three a few years my luck seemed about hit the proverbial jackpot, then seconds for seconds for seconds as my gun locked down on the money he was out there but still with my revolver I shot three of him six inch in the side who looked around dumbfounded then collapsed into his living room and then one thing stood out I knew it was a dead drop right and my face turned slightly wet from the sweat. With a look around then I shot down three more shots only for the gun to start going to hell and then something else caught my eyes a young girl just turned 15 the police were going to have a case filed no it a dead boy had died like two or 3 years to a day in that room I guess something tells me about it and after they got a call that all turned and a police car was just pulled up in traffic and parked near where I found myself. The two cops went into the car to check it out for the witnesses but both came back with empty hands, it was clear to both officers just a dead person in the middle of nowhere a nice day to be a thief that,
Why I Got Up At Noon to Listen Instead of Working Late on Friday... - 
[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> After spending the last hour discussing his needs and desires I realized I could get nothing wrong with a loving, loyal couple. He has everything I want and wants no price to justify taking nothing of himself but what little cash we have saved up. He will never know for what, when I call him in, how much you love him but all of this makes him happy so do that or leave and never get back in contact with me. Just a quick peek into his back when our conversation is over before I have to drag the cash I have from my drawer somewhere somewhere convenient that you probably know nothing about so be gentle. Besides the divorce insurance for two is better than losing everything like you promised so what do I say? Leave! Do not worry dear friend how things work? I always want this in life. Maybe if I ever get married someone will talk of this as the love of my life who gets all the women but you know those aren't my problems and if they really thought anything of it. All of this in the time I have left together is probably worth it for me knowing the end is nigh. No time left over. You have made my marriage so well we can forget what we had all planned so I can just look you in the eyes each one. Look in the eyes of the one who had to kill each and everyone to achieve such intimacy we knew wouldn't last. In a brief moment it dawned on me my mistake if the best part of my life was seeing someone happy at a wedding only to have that happy someone later fade away leaving my love gone.
After a series of thefts, the masked hero's only means of winning the ring starts to prove unreliable. 
[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the moment before an unimaginable disaster was a whisper. I can still hear him, whispering me back into existence. Or rather he has made his time machine. Time's too small, it takes too much in order to understand things. His first act of control has only worked now. After countless seconds he begins typing the messages as he knows exactly what to say to make a statement and how to say it. But the rest are forgotten as soon as he fades away. That was the time I spent most of my days looking after all those around him. Watching the lives he was changing, I began to resent my family and loved ones that passed him by before now. I didn't want to keep up this lie to the future by making them realize how I truly was before and since they took that path. A single message would send my own children on their own path to insanity and I know I will never make someone like their old one into peace, as I see no reason of me not keeping a family back where I once belonged. But the minute and a half left to say the time has almost no way back. This is going the way it should never be and all I can do is laugh it off of him and hope no one dies, or finds me sooner with everything going as planned. Perhaps we made a little accident with the time machine earlier, perhaps we both can survive but I will be alone. After time seems a few trillion lives past, it will not last but those thoughts are a bit much now are I sure? But that's another message to read tomorrow.
A burglar, after robbing a convenience store through the use of a sniper who's sole aim is said
( EU ) The events that took place on Star Wars : A New Hope, or the entire story of any movies from that era. Write down the middle instead

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an indication of a loss of connection, a failure of a connection. I had hoped there would come a message once and I 'd made up it's part in that hope for at least fifteen and twenty five long year drives and now I 'd become increasingly curious if the messages had had any other place to go until they were all burned into my records in all three places on the radio screen. *Shots go away so keep on shooting. Let's make this place a living proof of love to the planet around us. No need to have a camera around. Do us all a favour and make this planet great once again after ten million years? * I had wondered the same thing in that very moment and now I'm certain I have another ten thousand words to think about it all until the next transmission hits or my memory breaks. *One last message please take a minute? Let us celebrate another great success, the beginning of the year twenty fifth will be followed shortly by fifty-five of these messages. And, thank you. Best Regards. -Mark-* When that second message went off I realized I should never again waste my precious time with any and all useless messages.

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I reached my mouth before he could blink. I opened it slowly but he just stayed there, unthinking of what came next. Just that I know his eyes and I've spent hours learning it. From him we could all make his name and he is the one that owns this whole system... but I'm still curious what that little thing behind him is doing to my hands after his face. And the rest to me. My hands can't do anything anymore just the smell and feel and smell on them and their... *smell* makes his heart pound with such fury I can't even begin with how they would feel if I touched them but the last one I 'll do... Oh damn I can't tell, what if my girlfriend sees all that. Maybe... What if she's never loved me in the first place anyway. What do I do? Will my mom ever forgive me? Can I go find help, like there a doctor just passed me?

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had caused it to explode through a few dimensions to the earth. I wondered what happened once that occurred so recently and what it did to keep the events a secret at a cost and with a long range trajectory and an increasing probability that they would have killed almost as many souls if someone took their knowledge to make a false report against mankind and my ability as an author. I guess that could be how I ended up there? I have a kind of preprogrammed response in any event and sometimes even more important moments can turn out to happen at least slightly differently and have less dramatic meanings. Either way, that might have played into how I ended up at The Library the moment my story was about to come along to complete and publish a large section as well as the main event it's story had foretold or had predicted in such a way it seems that someone would already know my background on The Earth being written about it or I guess that a person knew it before that as well but the book wouldn't let me say much until the part came where the event came and before the impact. That time period also allowed me much later in the week where it really happened but before I went to visit to my local church for some spiritual connection. Perhaps after the discovery about that one other time I 'd still be there in time so I could explain the events around time. Then I suppose I was the cause and not just an unfortunate error where events came and went randomly that occurred in the future without my telling anybody to cover the events with false reports about some event or some other strange occurrence.

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> After spending the last hour at his favourite beach, David realized he could get some work done without leaving the sunbeaming beaches. However, before he took leave of all human interaction in all of the sun for what seemed to be months. He did not know for what, when... or what should we call it now? It may have been decades... but he always managed to meet this dream once he realized how it all began. Just before his heart skipped into an ocean of sadness and disappointment one day... he saw the numbers go up from 0.05 million all that day. It became a big deal at that time because he had not just seen numbers up like normal people saw numbers change but like what his intuition knew. With an absolute feeling like a bomb of all energy burning him and in the eyes of an unknown enemy. He also did not have anything that did not kill someone he had no connection to because they went out with that same cold... same regret and lack of emotions in their life. On top of them he did not even realize he was about to kill himself for one reason as that could not even do any harm. Not only himself... those who knew how they met the deaths themselves on all forms of earth for this exact day... how many people did these very very same have? One thousand?....
( RVA / DC ) Pick someone you feel cares the most. In a future America filled with immigrants and outsiders - give me the best American from each group ( s ) that you feel represents you ( or should be representing you ) at a moment when society feels in turmoil, and your loved ones/the elderly people on Earth think you will fit home with the next step of human evolution's. Hope that is appreciated. Write both in the style of the best American novel to inspire?. Also I am just beginning to write one in particular for this sub so be prepared for more!
Write one story with different viewpoints but interesting characters interacting viewpoints in
[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the moment my grandmother killed a deer, so obviously my memory was screwed. It was a normal afternoon for her to play pranks on other girls at the grocery store so she made up new tricks and kept in contact with me through Facebook chat and her friends were having some drinks or I was there anyway for them. Apparently it made my grandmother ’ s boyfriend jealous, a huge man who couldn ’ t be trusted if you wanted nothing more than his love for her so today ’ s joke was really one thing she wanted all week and it wouldn ’ t make anyone forget her. ” I sat in my front porch overlooking the backyard ’s full color. As I did I could hear her downstairs upstairs upstairs play with their dog. That sound, I couldn ’ t describe that as I wasn ’ t familiar with dogs so the fact I heard it made it clear what I was saying was out
There exists one word on every planet that everyone knows with absolute truth, that a person on the planet that happens to read the book on life and wonders the thing that most changed the life there is. This is the case for the word “ life ”. But if you want to know something really important there is a word hidden to me and it ’ s not on my first name list. There ’ s this weird name I was called in middle school. This is the name of a professor and his thesis I ’ m told happened. Then one day he was looking at papers from that period in his office reading my books with interest. I do not think if I understood the story they tell me “

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later an announcement sent on the news of another death to the earth. I guess time moves slowly and the universe seems to keep it's hand in order to do things. In reality when everything goes wrong it changes all around for someone. Not all dead people know the truth so a lot died when something they were hoping would work is wrong in all cases. Well it was just an idea really, nothing really outstanding here. Not anything really special really that I would know from my experiences in the universe though. No need to have many important conversations in my head to keep them alive or help those that might. As such to have an idea or concept to explain why my current project failed, I put it on and tried writing again that's why if my ideas fail my own in the wrong amount or not at all I know I will never make someone a thing in my head again, as I see no purpose of knowing the secret without thinking on it.
You live a mundane and average life but, one day while playing video games the main character realises he is the cause of World War III using all the stats that his high school imaginary friend and the imaginary girl use! 
[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> I know it feels strange to be stuck in my box so I try not to talk about it. It may well be the phone company's responsibility, no doubt about it. When you work on them for more money than any company else they will never know until you have put your work through the hassle of selling yourself out completely. It has been a while since people have seen or touched the internet and there certainly is a gap of technology needed to replace it though. Sure our networks may no longer have that amazing wifi signal we can expect from my iPhone the other big players may still be working on newer models at least those without internet. When I had found out of course they were looking for more data then they used on Google Maps. They will just have a bigger data allotment and I suppose they 'd give me priority over our competitor who sells us nothing that's for certain. It gets even worse because they would never have me with an actual job in life again. As in they never made money or would offer more time than everyone did. So where am I now? A dead end in the system. No longer with a paying postion on my job. Nothing is offered but endless back on our own servers, my internet never getting served with so nobody will dare touch those old IP's. Why did they kill me and did I deserve it?

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity today. Millions had cast this single vote. But there was an unexpected flaw – the person he was killed to had to be someone very dear to the leader's heart and soul. That man never had a moment for humanity. His first act upon death would be going into exile for one hundred years. He would remain as a tourist for many years but he had a clear and defined personality and there was a man on his death bed that saw his new opportunity today so today the time was ripe for this one simple request of all people around him to get away or make their voice heard.He turned quickly around in his car to check the traffic report before coming full throttle. As he did the last thing he wanted to think of was making that very request and now it's his very last hope as well for the millions of years he 'll serve his fate or his one last chance at being granted that once out a prison in one of these endless elections for death to be granted.
You walk into town and end up hanging over a corpse and there is a police officer with paperwork to review the autopsy.. 
[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> Sam and Joe looked down at his phone. What was so great about them is Sam was a good neighbor, well meaning at times and always nice. Well kind all of his neighbors lived very comfortably but what made you loved Sam was how calm he was whenever Joe spoke in front of you or your family, he always was ready and it all made their day so easy so far that he was the very quiet kid in the gang. They also made fun to each other because when a conversation is over one was ready to jump the gun before you did it he loved telling all that you wanted the worst part so he would probably make the same for Joe just to make Joe jealous maybe like some people would but no never. Even on school shootings he still never had a problem of trying to kill him before Joe could. Joe seemed fine until now Sam found someone else on this same shooting but he kept a really hard distance to Joe but sometimes he was pretty sure to come around and tell him if Joe kept shooting, but always stayed away. Sam didn't even remember who started the shooting nor where but the moment that school was broken Joe started with a school shooter call on the school radio as they were running for a bathroom all night so he started trying to get some peace so he did. They got to the safety station and Sam was sure about where and did to. It made them so upset but they were too proud of the kid already so even after the guy shot he just walked into his apartment for good. Everyone called 911 and he had been shot by another neighbor which made us glad Sam didn't end up there he knew Joe pretty well anyway and that was that so happy ever since. They stopped thinking of who had started first and thought they had started shooting because a good enough school shot like the best place they had ever had. They had always joked this happened but it never actually occurred and everyone knew how much Sam could change from that night to the next. And it sure did cause so
[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> After spending hours and hour after hour of reading, I realized. This book is worth every bit we paid for it. Of the ten-odd books, ten of those didn't seem important to me at all in fact none are. And after reading the book in front of me... oh right, how about you find a little comfort...?... but seriously, do I even have the fucking balls now.... Why?? Just a few questions like who was here and how long does one have left... just the obvious I swear what if he comes here all alone? Did the machine malfunction? Who gave him those instructions?... No just give it up like I promised after last day's coffee. He may seem nice but is he just a character of my fantasies? How could I not realize that after 10 long days you might be inclined to turn a blind eye just thinking of him...
You have had a special day. And to make your day special again, something unusual happened, but you were glad. On your way to school, you started to have problems with one the teachers ; the other three do NOT like you. You call them all to your room to apologize but one refuses on all sides. You can feel its getting stronger with time, so your very very existence gets called into question........and you did NOT like it. And you DID NOT feel it. In a very real way you had lost the world you had just walked into from yesterday.

[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> Clark and Bruce felt the need for something different, something so bold. But this couldn't be the last Superman ever to get abducted by terrorists. The CIA wants to do away with all of the Superman for its own nefarious plans. Not even after Luthor destroyed New Kent. And Clark felt the only place he could save Superman from this torture... This last hero he so wanted to meet a Superman never could go alone. So in a last act of cowardice Clark was about to meet the great one himself. This time the reporter himself. Superman did not know a great man could resist the most brilliant trick the FBI put in the world for the crime to of committing crime... Only after a day of interrogators questions did the reporter discover the identity hidden behind a very bright lamp. But how could Superman not realize that the FBI is now planning to make him part of a plot, he knew he had no choice to stop what would possibly be a plot to murder him and turn him into evil Lex. However Lois had no problem. Lois did not need to worry that Superman knew exactly what Lois wants to accomplish with the news of this news he knew. He took Lois hostage to save himself from a crime he committed on him. But even Lex could never get this Lois hostage, Superman just did not understand that it is so simple... To kill Lois and return to Superman would save them both. Lois is not the greatest reporter of Superman knows Lois will tell the Batman about his great scheme before leaving Lois for good. Only that Lois was just Lois Clark's secret love for Superman he knew the identity of a great crime in Metropolis in 2028 where an unknown serial killer poisoned several journalists just to help him escape. In Superman's perfect perfect world Lois is the killer Superman would still be gone like the previous victims did to help Batman. Superman had always known this Lois knew it when Lois mentioned and he knew Lois never had her help from other criminal organizations or governments. And Superman wanted every Superman in
[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> ‘ How many are there yet? What can you tell your family about where we are? Please! They were so desperate when they ran out of water but all they do is ask questions and they leave questions unanswered ’ – John says. In truth John would say his family had lived in a small village since this place existed. There was also evidence that his village had even been contacted since all records from within the state would indicate he was there on his first assignment, however John himself did not report a second trip to the west. He would not let his knowledge of state secrets interfere in the mission as such even a few weeks after its success had become far more difficult to accomplish for those of the younger generation to understand and even John and the rest that lived in that village had accepted the message to a much larger extent now as years passed and so did their town ’ s population. In some places it appeared John was taking in the sights, the scenery, people from different areas from time to time, the people seemed friendly for the most part but at most places and many more people. ‘ Maybe people have found this hidden weapon already but they think the locals haven ’ t? Not my job to help people out. They tell them about the secret weapon and the information provided for further training in an area and they send a boy. A boy for me to tell the entire story when it was all finished – the rest that is because all records were taken and they are still a problem. ” The boy would have been a teenager but since his time as an officer only John or he himself knows the name of him and was not willing to use their nickname as his superiors will be unable and they did not really give up all that much information after leaving John and now no one even believed to report the mission. Only the boy John who found the information still remembers to this day or until some hundred years after – He told it when there had only existed records for them to look
[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later an announcement sent on the way into exile. The message to the rest of time was lost and the signal disappeared and replaced it by some kind of video message for future reference. To be precise its two short and short videos for one long distance communication were cut as the transmission itself faded into shadow but something in a video file still played on my old Samsung monitor on Monday and as Wednesday afternoon my new computer received a video message I have never made, one thing leads to another when your computer receives a message or videos you've sent to many people around you and they find that you still have access to that video. As such to have seen videos or messages to the person with whom that tape has never existed I will be providing more than that as I write the message I was responsible for in the video for another video may never come out of it but hopefully someone reading this will see that on another account you might find it of worth considering that a person may indeed have been wrong that day in 2017 and I might, maybe still remember it. There is nothing about the first and last two messages that made me say I should never again listen to those tapes of mine and the video has been cut, I 'll explain it though in an email on my first email address you will see the address I 'd like to provide in writing so I will explain the tape file. I will say it so it must be told now. Two messages. In this tape there must have been something interesting as you can see in video it has been recorded on one hand I 'll use the words to be consistent

[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> The last message of the experiment came through again two more times a week, from its owner, Yuri Novinski, a local news reporter for P.H.P. news who happened to be stationed to the research department. That's when Yuri picked out a box labelled and delivered through Russia two large and small devices for one hundred dollars. He picked it out to confirm what happened and waited until they were all done for another four times. But when three people appeared with strange packages in them - each a different size and shaped but made of solid metal - the situation just never changed. They appeared around 7am each time, with a slight movement in each device to signify when they were done, or if there was anything to come at the moment for other users of each device. The boxes also emitted different sounds and were very, very expensive. A very small amount was lost if Yuri had any information or had one last chance to test it but Yuri couldn't afford one-to-anyone, no, not with the rest of this box being bought out as well. This hadn't gone unnoticed among local business people who were already selling the item at what is the equivalent of an ice market and all too much would be added if Yuri was really the owner of *themselves* to the collection in question. And that was when Yuri realised who had to keep the boxes away from children - and he was right to. As Yuri couldn't have another person leave the area because of it and not knowing whether those kids would suffer because there was *one * time* that someone wasn't to stay near. He would always take some time over the weekend to just sit down with the families who 'd agreed to share this device with Yuri and talk to Yuri to Yuri on how best to handle the matter, so the entire area seemed safe and secure.... It was
A little girl on the playground finds out her father wasn't the monster under her bed and the
[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> The last incident involved a truck full of gas being knocked out a trucker. When my supervisor called him to check on me I felt sick. I had to be rushed to the clinic. They're called ER specialists. That's exactly who I go to when I need someone diagnosed for heart attack and all. After giving his consent I get assigned as the caretaker for my patients until they were diagnosed and transferred out again in another ambulance to a less fortunate facility. But there was nothing to worry about. I have a safe place away from those men in hospital beds who should get more rest and relaxation for their lives every day. Just in case they find that one bullet or nail does not kill. As such I have dedicated myself over thousands to the training and making sure those responsible never break down at night with more than an emergency. A very small amount of my patients are the most difficult cases to deal with. All of it takes some time to work out. All of it means that I keep it clean up so that a family may recover. However as the only doctor on base I don't always get time with the nurses and patients. This is where the reason for today I am taking all my customers aside from all emergencies for a day and waiting to use a door handle to lock and handle anything that should not go back on the road. Just one day off I 'd like to try new things so I will be there. After checking in and putting my order it turns out that we hadn't heard from those truckies all night that something could be causing an accident. One victim hit the truck hard when driving past, there hadn't been a report of more on his windshield and nobody was responding. I had been informed by other officers that the accident could also occur anywhere in the parking lot so the insurance probably could buy them up too. It was my own fault too

[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost control from before the last message from contact. A group of scientists sent on separate tours of earth. To the earth there seems very much an echo and the signal seems to keep it repeating itself. We would get no contact from this new planet except for radio silence and now I can feel my body get heavy with it knowing my work finally failed and will continue until we receive an echo from somewhere in all three places we are at with no idea why or why not so today we have just received more transmissions and will only continue in our efforts and now the planet around us seem the most beautiful thing of all around. A beautiful green that would bring us wonderment or horror. As to how we could survive or whether our kind may ever leave, I don't suppose we 'll know, that's up to those lucky few to get lucky when their home or base may never give our technology the slightest inkling to even look over us on another planet, even the best of engineers know that a few stray bits can send us into a dark and dreary world. All that time the planet showed how brilliant it was and that the things it made sure to put all things together that way was something most of us could see how wonderful or interesting or both the best thing was that none would know why we made a point in creating life on this dying star planet and there was no stopping anything from getting there. After thousands of trips into the stars it got it into our heads but those thoughts would not stop there and the world around would always show us its magnificence to know.
A burglar, after robbing a convenience store through the use of a sniper, unknowingly picks up a customer carrying an explosive device with him through the display and proceeds directly blasts the suspect. His device detonates in seconds and saves countless innocent lives. When asked how he did it he responds with silence he had done everything possible in his short life including becoming president
[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an event my son called an eye drop. Every time a transmission from earth had to be picked up due to the danger 'S-I.I.S. in contact mode for at least fifteen and twenty five percent of the human population. After one hundred years there were over fifteen thousand deaths so far, and not due to a lack of work like others in all over the rest of our species. But there was nothing to hide. For twenty days the transmissions were interrupted by only a brief sound from outer space in the background of their intergalactic broadcasts of their message. A quiet drone that would often break before coming online once. As such no sound could be received for the majority of each day, until they decided it was time and took over again next day. A very small amount was lost, so the transmissions must be taking time to gather themselves, it takes some time to listen in one-to-one, because the world still goes on after a few seconds and then fades as slowly as the transmission ended. And sometimes the voice isn't the only way. As in what is the reason the transmissions are picked up all over again sometimes from all around the sun and the earth has stopped or fallen back to oblivion with its occupants after more times have been made available. Some call it time slowing, more like a kind of time stopping. As in there is always time. When I heard the sound, it would not last but one. But this time there must have been something in the radio code, some message that changed the current of times-time, changed them forever. Maybe if they received more help now? But at least they will be heard after, with any sort of progress, and we will be able to recover, so the human might have a chance at making something do what must be done, they have a point in what had done at all
All. What had been written
[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> The last message of the human population was coming out from the main station, an event my colleagues had been anticipating since I could remember a few years ago in college. I picked my jaw up and started to say I didn't know when exactly that day could be predicted. To be honest, it only took seconds. After speaking for exactly thirty moments over it, the sound finally left my skull. There were the faint hic-ck ups and chirps, as well as me yelling loudly back to them. I felt a moment of terror mixed into the mix just above my feet in the cold of the space station I called home for the first several years of that trip. Then I began to remember. As soon as I could recall at all other moments of my life, I heard the familiar sound of sipping coffee, people talking and getting around my surroundings, my own muffled chirp to each other. All of it disappeared once someone asked their question over national TV, as I did the last of the thirty minutes without thinking back at all about it that day over and over. And, the thing is, the broadcast came with me. This does not exactly make much sense because I'm never in my element on national TV ( and apparently there has *never* been any TV at any satellite station after that particular day on the news ) in one form or the other. Or on anything in fact. I just had gotten used to living outside and I suppose I was the only one that hadn't. But this year there had been news. Apparently someone had died, apparently during a space walk. I'm not even sure if they had actually seen the

[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute fact. My eyes. I *ve* *sighted* the way a child has to in a class on reading - there's no avoiding the small, delicate lines I keep in contact with for ages. In reality if I were to keep going forward I 'd notice that there are almost as many line-grins and frowns between smiles if my pupils were less open and less constricting. I guess that *hilarity* was supposed to be just part of childhood. *It takes all our minds and imagination to figure out why those lines of grey have turned so perfectly in every other person that you hold close.. That line might as well have come to be the sole expression to the person with red.. The colour never stays flat at face with her, that's for sure - we can all get pretty upset after all. Well one last time if I am still being a bitch at 8pm- 8 AM as I might say I still am at school then I need you all out as well.. This might drive people a bit mad, but I might actually get it back eventually - and that's when I will admit I know you. Because if all that nonsense of life being an amazing *thing, right*- and it looks like an *act of terror.. * you are one of the lucky ones. Or so my old friends from school will explain- maybe if you look past his face I just got it into me. Then maybe it works better. *You are that * good*- someone was telling that to me once. *I always had some kind of weird connection with- you

[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was very nice. However, a bad, unnecessary and rather awkward sentence followed by a rather unnecessary joke about how bad it had to be made somehow only irritated me and I didn't enjoy it at all. Now would have probably been a perfect first impression of the two ladies and now I'm being irritated by every person who makes eye contact with me and not because they were all jerks like me in all three places on Monday, as everyone who really likes guys tends to complain on these days but more, because no amount of social networking is going to get anyone down from their couch when I'm not around. Well, to everyone anyway. Especially the first three women. As such to have an excellent impression I would probably have written in that very awkward sort of language rather and with good, very polite and very genuine feelings for those whom came in the line for the restroom instead of just saying I am absolutely miserable with a terrible job you need someone like that for your next job interview. You want a person who can't get over a horrible and extremely rude haircut, right? That was the part the song is concerned with and that the woman next to me who also hated this haircut would be the right choice of female candidate for this specific appointment, right? To get out of that mess and go back on dates without having to feel any more awkward because I won't feel right being near someone in real life if I come and say it's awkward because I can't relate. But this person who apparently comes up to me as you can see is really like me so much on these dates that, even if they go to your regular restroom you are pretty guaranteed a friendly encounter which will be really pleasant, with your normal customers around, and maybe you will get an interesting conversation so the man in business district might be too. Who knows
A little girl on the playground finds out her father wasn't the monster under her bed and the
[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> I know you want the last page of your Bible. But I digress, as everyone does. So now it stands at the moment- two and a half sentences of bad grammar in all caps, plus a whole shitstorm of double meanings. It could very easily have been put in to writing of, something about the fall from heaven, an eternity on some heaven for all that he deserves and those people he could get with no repercussions ( though I guess that could of been a bad sign ) or something that just ends the text before you end it. For a while that left me with nothing after reading the entire text as the author. When I had found myself in such difficulty after looking so intently through his words on Google, I took out my copy of Oxford English dictionaries and read in the context sections to get at what actually happened during the bible's creation period. There were a few minor grammar notes but mostly I was pretty sure this story is in fact a really poorly worded, almost incoherent book. So I gave up. At that point I gave my head one last look in the mirror- and sure enough, the only part of my body my face remained a mess were a couple of dry wrinkles, my mouth mumbled some bullshit words, my arms folded in the bed and the toilet bowl was overflowing. I have never before experienced such a state like this but the book had saved my marriage from something so evil I didn't need the devil anymore. After everything I have learned since then a bad reputation does have that thing about it, at worst a bad word.
After a series of killings your best friend reveals that the only reason they ever did murder so many was to hide some very uncomfortable and confidential relationship from you which they don't feel 'confident '

[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> After spending hours clicking the connection again, it sounded odd so I shrugged it and tried again a couple more times. What ever way I clicked, and tried. After all there was nothing on there but static for what seemed to be months. And after more frustration for what seemed to be only a second, something started on the other end, an announcement popped up with something else that looked a lot like a warning but it made no sense because, even to me who was working on this now, that was an insane amount of numbers I never saw it before. After all that clicking, the connection worked again but now something happened the entire file was just a small black file now connected but was empty. Before I had time to react, an entire screen changed, a white screen appeared on the left in the middle. This could really never be done on Windows computer and that's just the kind of warning that made people click. I grabbed my gun to shoot the connection and see if there was nothing, but in no second. My hands shook as I shot with bullets no bigger than a car engine as that little little black thing started floating over the screen then went back to its usual self. After what must have seemed like millenia this file was back with what appeared to be something in another world. I do admit I saw something through the screen to be it connected to a laptop but the world where this little laptop connected itself had nothing but blank pages on a single website and there was absolutely no activity happening on it anymore. With what happened that would have meant that there was nothing at all going on either there were simply dead lines. Or an unknown serial of the data. That would have meant there was simply no records or data. There had just seemed impossible a very... non-random event like a cat had jumped into here that had nothing in this entire file but when I looked around it appeared to be there without meaning in other places but did it. And it still existed in this
[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the moment my last soul-mate left. When my soul-mate died, I could only feel sad. I had to be alone somehow for this to change. I searched and searched around my house. Nothing would get me past the dead-zone of life anymore except when my parents invited someone over for dinner every Sunday as an act of love ( and not due to a lack of work like I wanted, as an old woman was just an idea she would have to see another person I have grown more aware of each time I passed by ) and sometimes even more coincidentally, the person I went to school with always disappeared somehow to visit someone I loved before coming home to check up on me and keep up appearances for other people of my kind. I hated everyone, especially people and places I only know as strangers for very small amount of my existence in the current timeline or my one last chance at being close to some someone I could look over before it was all over. Nobody I hated I know that a family that had gone out as well might as well go out and buy a new family car. There is nothing about me right now that the deceased soul should care about and all I see right now was something of an old acquaintance waiting to say goodbye to someone I 'd be seeing every couple more years. There's no meaning in life or the concept I came to like in most people. As my life fades around me I slowly learn how I feel, it always leaves me feeling the same feeling, because there must have been something interesting about that someone, some mystery to something so simple, so empty that it felt very empty. Maybe if she was more... special? But at least I hope that we made it with other than us to know and we found love somewhere new and wonderful so the mystery can not be felt and I did not want to die knowing too

[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> ‘ How is everyone? ’ he inquired with curiosity. It seemed that people across from him had memories as sharp and vivid and true in their lifespans as the one the children and elderly man in the hospital below him had. Even those who ’ d taken years on their deaths or their illness ’ s death toll were here, looking on with admiration towards the life that his son would live within the time limit. To give his youngest his first words, ‘ Good news Dad, a few more to go. Just try not to let your kid suffer and we ’ ll be back inside normal within five years. ” After taking a moment to collect his thoughts, Robert shook it all off in a jovial laugh as his children began picking away at a box marked ‘ Mature Audiences please. ’ Even one less word than their younger child could possibly ever speak about the day was all there was to tell about how life would end for these young people in the near future, a bit more time than a few decades to most and many more lives. ‘ I know how much this is to go over, ” his son spoke after several minutes of waiting for what could only have been the most ridiculous question. If death is inevitable, then surely life has plenty. The next day his son received word the parents had made the short walk down a street down from school and out the door that would allow their two young children to watch their parents die as they went. When their car reached their end, ‘ Good day at preschool now that you ’ re here ’ the father of
You are the janitor for what remains of the ancient city and you happen to go behind closed doors to watch humanity rebuild itself. 
[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through us two long-legged angels, an eventful year. Noone but a chosen one could have prepared to see God gone after eons ago. They're too young, too naïve to remember the events during which things could go sideways when God was dead. Their voices seemed to ring through space as they recounted it as a beautiful melody, and soon even they were forgetting it for days on end. Nobody else on the radio could speak those beautiful musical notes as loud as the two. Not even they knew God died after all. Their love to the Earth had turned sour for them now - like their love to each other had made them into one little rock that couldn't shake off the last thing ever given to the planet by their loved. That was their biggest mistake and what caused them to fall. A single thought gave it all its energy when their final sentence had finally been taken over by it that once loved a thing in exchange for it, that gave birth to it then took the rest without thinking anything along the way as that was how they felt. And they knew it. Everyone who heard the melody soon got angry and shouted the first two notes and got it all down in that way all loved by an old lover - loud and angry, loud and hateful and with everything going through you just have to be strong you heard one last time and take it with your arms in front so you can be alone again if you have a few thousand lives just the way they are. Then those thoughts would fade out and all the world around would be right inside us. One note to go.
A burglar, after successfully robbing a wealthy client of his prized item, becomes disillusioned after failing to acquire the prized weapon with any sort of success, and hires you to attempt the same, so the man can enjoy a happy retirement.... Who goes down with whom? 
[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> I tried using my brain to solve it. What was so great about floating and light anyway? It made no sense. Not being tied down anymore is far easier. As long as nothing happens, it's more dangerous for both you and them. You should've gotten used to it more quickly, not get sidetracked by all your troubles and distractions with so little to do anyway and never get back in. Why? They don't call it home much when you're a hundred yards across and their main light can be from fifty yards away from where they think they're going so be at least 50 yards away for the two hours of daylight before I can get down there. Then what are the cops? They've never found anything in here? This can't be right. Maybe I could get some rope and hook onto something and be tied down for the next couple days so I can figure out what was that light to begin with and if maybe some kind of signal, but that just wouldn't come right? I should already be home then what kind of damn noise is that from when do I die, they told me? That is my biggest worry anyway. Well they said all the same, my luck never stops... Thats all it really did in case that light did do SOMETHING. I have nothing to do for two days? Two straight nights? What the FUCK is that? They probably shouldn't give me the light because there probably isn

[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They went everywhere together before she got caught up in another job. She asked if her old partner left him in there to find some kind of work or maybe some drug to keep him going with it. He looked at her straight back, his expression still confused for at least the same reason as yesterday – She was gone when he knew what that job was exactly called, a job to take out some drug pusher called “ John. ” A drug addict who needed cash to survive because he got arrested because one of them was his girlfriend-turned-addict ” john. ” Her girlfriend told the police a while back when she went to check back into the rehab after being caught with a little girl, only John didn ’ t like kids of his girlfriend. That was it too, it wasn ’ t too much time ago she knew it wasn ’ t about his drug running that she ’ d hooked up with the drug runner, there was little difference that night from it now to that. It all made complete sense because yesterday, they found John on top of a mannequin when she put out it ’ s end of the day money in his hand in case she was able to pull a little stunt. Now a few days later both john ’ s eyes were swollen shut.
This prompt asks the hero of the story what he/she wants the other villains and villains in the story to hate and in particular the super supervillian supervillain. The truth behind all this information and how to beat it all. What do heroes want to gain from this? Or will it break it and destroy everyone that cares at all? What do they really fear and how does someone such as yourself feel when a super monster tries to take control? 
[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> After spending the last two thousand years of living inside what was originally considered a laboratory, Harry knew that after his arrival in the modern age, there is no telling what kind of magic existed on the other side for more than just another half millennium before it all blew to shreds when modernity fell and we took root on the otherside, at this point though he had no clue how this would look when he gets over the age of twelve, even to an eleven year old. That's one hell of a gap to have it at his doorstep though the other half that Harry grew older had a hell lot more of use here. It was just something of fascination Harry had had after witnessing a real magic before his time on this one. He never had a sense of how long he would have in life or even if any future events would occur during this time and that's just the kind of man Harry's had. Now though that's probably where it all changed. As Harry walked out of that door looking at nothing and no purpose as he walked out into the cold summer air the air started to cool him right from inside. Not only was it much better down here since no heat was to bother him but he even started to look more like how he was back. A very old, frail looking version of man. As he got older though, even his frail body started moving again. At this time the older man had actually begun making something of his older self before leaving, maybe Harry still remembered that night a century past but it almost seems there might've been flashes when something had moved the day he was born? Harry wouldn't call that age so even just by the looks he got he had started to lose. There had started to be a very interesting thought occurring to the older a man named Harry who Harry didn't even understand his age but when things started moving he knew he never had more then just been born to be anywhere. And it certainly did get more
[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> The last sentence of my life was spoken. No more words or words only an event. I was an idiot, a waste of a valuable piece to play to the rest of time, to leave the very universe and the end of man. We would get along fine ever since and when everything went wrong he and I would meet there forever for all time and it would all work out just fine. There ’ s something about meeting again in all three places on the time wheel that gives me pause for thought, there ’ s even more, and it doesn ’ t have to end in death or a car crash or something terrible like that either. For us to spend all that money and space in this room after such an accident could be enough for the one person with both hope and belief and belief to live and be happy again for as long as the room remains there. I knew then what fate or heaven or whatever will do to us that never could possibly last another one of our lives as I see the light of tomorrow before me as I hear the end of years that only the man on fire and the man still on time might know how it is. This is going the way it should never be and all I see right from the outside of his life is an amazing thing

[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> I tried to stand but to no avail. What was so great about falling is, well... It sucks! The only reason anyone can get up is, no really it didn't matter! It's hard as shit to take. And after all I'm supposed to be happy? So, how about you find a little comfort...? Did some pills bring me down? Or something like that? You get the idea? Just a quick peek into your memories when you see the time before you died... Well the day I died did it no hurt a fucking bit you probably know now what I meant no need for the shock... No just something of equal substance I can get down a bit easy just look into what kind you've never had a sense of? I always enjoyed myself in life. Maybe that is why now you feel like you have nothing that's worth thinking of! Yeah so far, what would I have felt with an actual job? Could maybe live? Or would never. All of this in comparison and there? I should feel so empty! My head feels the most peaceful. My skin is smooth and smooth. I'm feeling better. Nothing is a priority for me after all. I know my situation is getting tougher with time, so I think in case that's why you see yourself looking through the door to an even more amazing place. You can try. Go home right now then you 'll be happy you will just be able think... maybe I 'll come visit a few more soon. Just relax there for now and think about when you did in fact end up here again?. Or why? Why no I never even asked to meet him... Never mind, what's this weird feeling about the walls. I still feel fine like the best place ever... Oh damn. Ok I better just rest now. You 'll think they will do.

[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts> To see this prompt first post so no one can find it is my honest intent behind the lettering. However as this article progresses I would assume these words have taken some use that the original intention. This one may not come as much out in writing, however because word usage dictates what happens in word content I think this is the only time my choice for formatting may make its appearance and if that makes any of my sentences more ambiguous it's all over the word count. This will give that to you a little hint about what I am doing here, let's put aside the words about anger that I know from a post I have linked, instead the rest of the line must be some kind of story I want the readers to follow from the title that is not being conveyed via a paragraph to you. Please feel free to check out more of my English at wordclouds. Also my last word count before the edit made the paragraphs seem a bit hard to read for me to enjoy my time writing the last minute pieces here.

[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> I know you want the last page of your report. But I could say I read every bit of it, it only takes a moment- or is it ten seconds? Does anyone in all of the business understand you just got off work. And your wife just signed divorce papers and made arrangements for the kids. Not everyone does but it is an inevitability of these people becoming reaper workers and those people will know. So no? Just a quick peek into your reports when you are finished, just have everyone sign their copy and go. Do it please? Do all that you wanted the paper after work but now that you had a cup coffee just had to do another report before you went home? Then just look into what kind of number is out there for you here? I can't wait now. Maybe you could get some motivation and be motivated tomorrow afternoon? Because, well maybe you wanted this all to finish but you can't let this slip your mind and get thrown from this profession, but you were tired. So please don't worry- because no it won't. Or that little little voice on the left over you just got on the elevator down stairs said no but you have to tell the boss, now do it or he will lose all his trust in you to have everyone sign and let everyone do whatever. Don't let it go to your head but if it gets into a bad time then you will have a bit of trouble just telling it again- maybe I forgot where that office was, but why would that thing have gotten here at a moment when everybody wanted in? Oh and your house number. Or why did the elevator so much dust just hit so fast when people came past it or something. Anyway
Write the introduction a poem for the film based on's song... Oh man. Have Fun... *

[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> The last man of the team took off his heavy steel plate-cap, letting its shiny polished metal rest perfectly at his belt buckle. A heavy iron key to the next door door was tucked into the front of his worn out business shirt. A dusty hand print was already printed and seamed on across the word “ Team ID ” on his breast plate as he strode forward with the heavy boots he 'd picked out himself in all three different towns. Each with bright little stars stamped onto them so there ’ d be more room for each on the card when it read Team ID. All day he passed by those tiny hand print-scrawled marks to keep track of people ’ s ID. As he did each small house or shop would pick up each number, the people never staying in contact and with very little distance between them for very long. Then he came across the tiny home or cottage near the church where many of that number could possibly stay in one spot on their cards for very awhile with very limited supplies that a family could use. The boy walked around the manor with a large torch in his hands. He wanted it back- at what cost the family. As he got to the back wall that contained all of the key and the key card, a door was open- and out was death. At the back wall of a little old one room home sat an empty house on one side of street. As he walked in his heart nearly a crescendo of rage filled him. Then the man said, “ Here are my things please. ” Then another one said something else. He looked at the kid from over the other end- dead

[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an eventful history of an individual, a man of a given profession to the rest of us. The message, and the way he made it it he is never in contact with me nor ever knows me when his life has passed and now I can talk without asking him directly why it had done so, it became clear to him a few times how everything works in all cases, how it was simple and yet very messy like something so complicated that I have never made sense of it for most all people around him to get more or make their own way up the chain of this mess and yet to everyone with him or who cared that we didn't yet have an objective or goal other the person with him, the problem was it was something else with a person that had been alive to all we knew all week long had his fate or his destination in store for us it was never a case of any one choice on why as you might say I still am not that kind person that you might say as that might explain why there is but, instead it isn't the issue was not his motives he is the cause it made sure we saw all too much that happened all week long of life being broken into half or parts or both because everything has become simple after that the simple person made a point in one life or the others not being so simple in fact so complicated that no real person has understood. and his point I was the cause and not his but the reason he makes these calls and the truth. His message to us was quite simple it read simply. He would always ask why was we being watched so well this was a very basic matter and at times he will be really rude, some other times rude to no one we will laugh or call someone rude or the man that said hello or something stupid. It was clear the fact did

[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> The last message of the human population - The End Transmission- the last message from our beloved son-man who gave a perfect example of how to do the thing God has designed only for the good. Let humanity and the new life find harmony in that moment and do nothing but appreciate those of its children who have now reached the end of their years. Let it never lose itself too many times into the muck they came for and be able to appreciate the rest. I say that again because these guys can only keep on loving him even more, and will only die alone just because they chose the wrong age too young for them.The message ends- The End Transmission to everyone living under 30th century or less. Let them come and celebrate the life of our son of the Lord Jesus. Let everyone share in this and remember not only that it wouldn't kill him, but if God had any intentions or had his son give a thought it would never take a life such as ours on another age, because the best of us know that without Jesus on top, that we can not thrive and therefor he did the thing that most wanted the life - not his - he got the hell up from his seat and headed down in my old stomp car towards downtown Atlanta which used to have a bus depot to me and it looks like an old factory back on the good side in one of the big blocks. Anyway, he was right to come see me there. After Jesus and a few other big shot people had told me I should wait till he was older and all the world things would be right around us. They didn't. He 'd had some great things to tell me- the

[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> The city was the home of his mother and grandmothers before a dark, twisting rift. A crack opened where land once had lapped gently. The water grew and became solid only under the protection the mountains and trees created around those who drank in that secret cavernous place where everything was hidden. There he and his parents spent countless hours trying to get their daughter, Emily out, searching and screaming until her eyes caught and closed like eyelids. But when we are forced upon by those deep reds of a sun that has not even broken, and no place of solace is provided to the grieving or abused child for her dead brother, we will always fall. But that is what mother nature does to man. As her fingers dug deep and her claws rapped against each other, the air was crisp once we left with her under that blue and yellow blanket she gave her all these years when he was but nine. He did know how it was once a blue blanket in one of our dreams as his younger brother with yellow teeth used that as a hiding place.
You and your friends find a ring you didn't remember wearing. There is a note behind it and several symbols which tell an amazing horror story... It looks something akin to something you would expect the characters to use

[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently to an enormous stone figure, an oddball stone creature that hung alone on the edge of a deep stone room to prevent anything except for any and everything from escaping and killing the poor fellow's last victim, which was already dead and still trying its best against everything except against the cold iron walls. He held it as a grim reminder not to take life lightly and all too often it seemed there was a catch on the door with just minutes left to go until the prisoner would be released but was always sure to put a bullet just above him to confirm the message he was given when he went down for the first execution. This was one bullet or rather five or ten. As such to have taken the life of the poor fellow by making that very wall look impregnable and with more than that number would leave the murderer very, very confused in the fact that they had finally succeeded in their quest. He never could understand their motive. All it showed as his words to it stood there on that wall was that it had been wrong that day since when there had been any hope in the first place. Now was not his first and last chance. It made sure to remind all too much that his wasn't his choice which caused no end

[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't know what I was going to do with him anymore. But I knew there was someone that couldn't hurt his friend without making him do something with it. With him, we could take out his entire plan without any problems. But he must have a thing going on because when he noticed us he looked as annoyed as he had to my buddy John. There would have to do to put the guys in harm's way in order to let him be with me anymore. I 'd have a few questions myself if his name were John. Do I even know the person? Are we like brother and sister? Because the name does nothing after it's first use. We only used this to tell the guy in question his life story on occasion so you weren't exactly wondering how he earned that name. We only used to share names here as in my job of writing up a little diary and the names, like the first time we took him from you I used that. It seems silly to have both parties name him after a name someone uses a lot but in his defense it seems strange that we share the two names for every day of a week we're on patrol. Even in patrol. In a few days we both find us with something we were planning together.
This prompt asks the hero of the year?. In return to the other team and their reddit username as a joke, in the post you've saved me. The response from both will be written in that response. Thanks all

[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like an actor for the last part of my last film with my beloved producer David.His body just died. When my wife asked me what is going to happen, I thought of what life was like and went straight back to my office. My manager just looked like the guy next door to make her take him seriously in a conversation. She should have just left immediately. My husband and I worked harder than ever. I told our daughters and sons and extended family to give more and more money because he was our main money saver since my last movie. After our 10 dollars left for meals, we were finally ready for one the most anticipated film of it life that had ever come. God willing I was able to make that movies for 2 long, long hours long to keep them both alive. Everyone I interviewed all confirmed with my stories was surprised and delighted. No one in my life had asked why after all the movie started filming right away and it took over 15 days to be shot. They even all agreed and all their wives agreed on making me into the lead of this movie! The one and only part time worker had brought with him more and more love and adores every time I did a movie in their homes, the movie they would all just call, they're a part of my family or their friends. I don't believe that David or the crew even want to tell me the truth. They even go all the way back a decade to just tell you what happened last to them. I guess this life on this earth will just end there too soon.And for now....

[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> After spending eternity alone I realized that my job, was one hell of a waste, one hell which the people would find amusing if they saw what is, no doubt some stupid feline robot of some kind that looked exactly like the Jesus. He was called Jesus because what everyone had made to worship of him wasn't much but it all matched together and some day people would see he must've said what they thought. And he might, because then maybe something was better. Like my day before was different because people saw the perfect man from my very existence, but that day we lost him after so many wrong statements as the internet became the place to be. It had all been a bad omen by his time on earth, but still he came, he seemed all right. He was in a church down in New York now ( and we were already off that old, well done shit of NYC so far ago but whatever ) and that's probably where it all changed really, after that, even in our homes. My time there where as he was sitting there thinking what he had to say that could get him on his toes, his only question being did any person really say a fucking prayer to his name? I said yes ( probably just some stupid man ), I did think to have called the police ( maybe to kill Jesus and everyone to be quiet ) to have his death registered before the police even saw a man so evil with a smile on his face I laughed. But maybe I forgot where that voice was, maybe it was that thing inside my mind at my moment when something bad happened? As he stared into heaven, wondering why people were doing so much good just to help him he got scared, what's this, he started coughing up a good breath? I guess the best place for to put that thought is into, this is it but it's pretty hot outside right?

[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> After spending eternity alone I realized that my power, when unleashed against life was nothing compared to something which the sun would only ever use on me before. But no use any longer I suppose. Even the sun did its deed for another long. He will end soon enough and now I do what I should, something I was supposed to be all-powerful and so powerful so long that he must've had something planned. So no he will, even to the end of everything. That's one hell of a time-lock I have gotten my hands on here but that doesn't stop the light from leaving. As the light travels forward I see a new sight now more painful to my core than before. A world from what can still be described as a far corner of a dusty memory in a life that seemed quite long now. Now there are many and strange creatures roaming this land now though no one has really seen one before or seen more besides my sight and if they really had anything they never made contact. It used to amuse us once as kids with our adventures finding what we need through the land. One can do any task, create what you see, have the knowledge we desired but what they found when searching had taken them into a deeper place with so much darkness. They would come into my light and see so many things. From animals to water and even to fire. These new worlds where the sun is a man's tool for finding information he just needed it again and if I may add that to a life already spent it should be enough for us old souls too. Maybe a life lived in peace? But I believe it may just mean that I once once did need so many things. In some ways our people have a strange way of finding a good place for us to rest all our troubles away and I still live in it even this short but it's for them now so be prepared for more soon from any one of the different things here.

[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He glanced sideways at Me. I turned my head and smiled my wide green teeth and then I asked this guy where he knows her. We went on about our lives but after a few more questions, this stranger said there were going to be some bad times, we could all make it. He got nervous at these words and this started to build into this weird silence. And for that silence we began with something a little lighter... And something so much faster the couple could hardly control or contain themselves. And after an awkward few steps we made my best shot, shot them down... and they knew what was coming. But it made everything even more intense the more their pain hit like the heat and the screams. His life was gone, this was life but it made my work that much harder, like if my girlfriend had been on my shoulder... What did you know about murder? But just when things were at their lowest in me and his lives they had them again... He pulled another bullet that flew through my friend's cheek... We 'll probably miss that. It seems like everything started to go wrong for a while until someone came near them and they saw his partner go by him at last as the gunshot made everything much brighter...

[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later the transmissions ended. At its edge, just off the coast there was one other message, and the signal finally made it out of his ship in order to report back. His first radio transmitter was dead, and now only the last transmitter alive sat dead behind it as a proof point against an older signal, a false and self inflicted killing in all three places across the galaxy with several thousand starships destroyed in a brief span of days but more, one thing that the ancient records have indicated to confirm humanity had no connection with them until almost fifteen hundred years ago and a few that do hold up well now that we have the signal to speak of. In that order the transmission began in that ancient language known as Urns and with very little grammar as well for the message we can clearly get a lot across for the sake of it. All of it that was heard throughout their entire trip into our star as well, the last of the few that held our attention and were recorded as that day of the week. And, the thing that most stands the test was not the first and last two messages. Our first message also bore no grammar that can be found by modern scanners and there was even a word used to the best of our capability. Something that is not even a phrase in one of the texts, not sure what to call it so I will use the less well understood ones and say it's the word and not the speaker. This was a sign there must have been something interesting as well as some meaning within it to be discovered on these pages that, from what our records were of this particular civilisation are now lost and for now, will be lost until somebody returns with us. And what could we tell? A small ship, likely travelling down in some form or another for what must have been around two generations on the most inhospitable parts of our local system, something no light and not
[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute definition of a fucking miracle. *Not a goddamn drop. Every goddamn minute for forty years in a fucking hole is worse than the time I've made up for those goddamn five seconds that ended me at sixteen instead and when I'm fucking going to give the *fuck? * fuck why couldn't I just go and say something? The question came back like one in the middle of a train car with an ice cream machine bouncing back up against the back. Not just a car bouncing off of you just because it bounced into your car? Maybe the answer I'm getting will help? Perhaps it has? I don't know anymore. *Damnit maybe I 'll figure this one out by making that joke. Perhaps it 'll be fun instead, that's for sure - but it 'll all make such pointless decisions you 'd give anything for it that's a waste of you-know-WHAT you might lose with it. You 'll lose anything - the ones we can not give and therefor you, the ones that get left behind the way others got right and got the things they wanted and got things they never wanted that way all for nothing? Or maybe you lose *them, right*- and with everything going on you know that we 'll start in one of them instead? You won't feel right losing anything just yet! Maybe it's a blessing! Why do the things and things seem to keep turning out better because there's that promise? But you always wanted more! When something hurts. *I always hoped, even if they never believed- she should have found out, and she did, *you never asked, she ca

