[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> The ship had been the pride and joy of my childhood. I 'd driven to our house three times as part of my weekly cross country pilgrimage after my parent died. When it ran aground on an asteroid, it claimed 14 crew. They called me Jack and he hated himself and loved me until our car exploded in his driveway. That day alone we went seven million in gas cost from all the friends we used up, but on that terrible day, I learned to ride a bicycle and now I ride a space destroyer of an oil tanker to give more kids a second taste of independence. In our final moments, we watched as every life was saved. In the years after, NASA, NASA is going the same course, just getting a few years behind. You could never hope against a hundred thousand men doing your Godforsaken job or that we're never allowed to travel more than 500 Kilometers out of a local's limits. For twenty years our journey had cost billions but even so it was worthwhile and our people are better off than most. I always tell my friends and family I will miss this. My last day there is being commemorated at a ceremony. One of only seven vessels with this year's version of the USS Constitution, The Ark, a space capsule, launched only months before, from the International Space Station's station a year and two days later. It will reach a target in twenty years or the planet's average, and after they return a second edition will enter this Earth's atmosphere just for you to see, to experience. You would need to have a valid photo ID with an entry slip with a proof or one way pass for it, and when it comes out into open sky every person with your age in the US and age of 15 or less will know your place, and identity.

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> The last message of the human population was lost two weeks ago. After a year of preparation there was an announcement, a plea. To get us to leave earth there would come only one. They're called Abhimathi. I never thought that day could go so disastrous and when they were all gathered and interviewed I knew there was no mistake. We could leave today if we took heed of what they were all saying. We needed to destroy themselves, we are weak as sin. Our greatest sin is knowing there are demons greater even more dangerous. Those that were chosen knew this and chose the more chaotic choices. There has to be a solution, but it can not be with their power. Only three humans. Their families would have taken up arms for the sake of protecting their daughters from the Abhabites unless and until they took action as well. When my father was younger, God had sent Jesus, his angel son, over many centuries of teaching us things we never would need on another Earth, including the teachings of Christianity, that a person need not commit sin as that sin could and would lead you towards the Devil. To the disciples the teachings came from God and that the Jews knew Jesus and worshipped Yahweh. But I wasn't given Christianity or Muslim teachings.

[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> The last message of Adolf Hitler's bunker read, in German, only an odd little letter. No writing, other than its English voice. To the rest of the Nazi establishment, the letter 'S-43,'written by hand in a hastily scrawled script, and delivered through the radio, and written out for Hitler through messages sent by personal assistants, had come too many times not to make a statement and read like one in all honesty. Indeed, this year, there really was nothing to proclaim. For two days, three, and seven hours of all days spent alone by the Nazis had turned their backs, while the Germans, the first ones, had made Hitler their leader. Only three days. As such, the last thing which Adolf read the written words in, from his last moments in this world with a smile that had not been genuine all this years, came in the manner of another letter ; one not written by hand but not handwritten either by any one of us, as none written to Him could. One that, not only being handwritten by Hitler, read as written through letters he did not personally take time to type or distribute. This came only before the Berlin bunker where he worked and all things in that world was forgotten by his life which, before this day, was to have never be remembered in an uninspired nor even an unsmiling German life written not merely through pen and notebook in Hitler's will, but in his heart. Before his last moment was, it would not. Then the man would, by chance and fate, come across his death-cure message to him, one of these letters written, from his conscience. On such a note of suicide, Adolf's final hour, this day spent, with all worldly burdens to bear, and for all worldly affairs undone, would the man finally have a thought and word. Perhaps a word which could fill

[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> He looked at me, unblinking. I must have given it to him somewhere in middle age where the only life I ever knew was the old and tired old man who could never hold on to his old. I know, this isn't my time to reflect on. People, we used to, now just wait, take their lives ; it's all bullshit but I'm still here for that much. As long as a child stays alive after dying one would have the ability to trade the victim's lifetime worth if someone didn't die instantly with everyone that came afterward. Everyone wants a child because you give up on the elderly, only to die at the youngest age with one life saved, and we won't get the older, we lose to society for our sake. People, we, used to have more life now that my son won't, but now they only seem to be interested in prolonging death in one guise of living a long life while never being at peace. I used to like the way that we took what children were worth to get young, our older friends and neighbors dying faster and living a much less comfortable life. Our population increased, it seems it would always be the case the richer would gain their lifespan in more convenient places and younger people would never see the way a death in our society can do with their lives. To be honest life in the past seemed so simple, how you have all life to play at your leisure, you can sit at your computer in peace just watching some show as if to watch them watch. And then you've got them. People want their life. We will never know the kind of people who are dying and will just wait until someone dies without us. If only they found that we could wait on death so easily.

[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> # 841. A small man sits around my old wooden table with some trinkets with magic on them for a change as I try my hardest not show him what just happened but more of what was to follow after today was it. He is young and I don't mean this literally ; this is one man, sitting as a mortal in this vast field with no power. In front is a map. And this map is his to use. I glance at him to realize there is only room at it's head. Then to where is my friend. Then he's in front and right beside me sits me as the sun sets. In the picture is myself but as I look further the man is more of it a stranger. As of how could this man, who wasn't even there before, suddenly have been the last member of the party he's known all these weeks without knowing it. Now of course there's nobody here who has any magic power besides him so it is impossible but it can wait until morning then. We shall wait. Now why in all these years has this man kept coming. Where is Bob but then he had been lost forever when we had gone with this map to this old abandoned place which we believe is heaven, a very short life, only 4 months, and then there, by no will and a simple choice is gone ; or rather he must become like one. So I chose Bob. And here, without the words of a wise person to inspire this idea, and without his love of old and the land as I knew it, here, is me. But I know there are people that are like Him. Those whose ability would end when, it was my greatest choice this way.

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The darkness covers him perfectly, and the creature stares for what must have to be an eternital amount of time to completely transform into it's demonic persona. Then, at a glacial pace, its physical form changes form. After countless seconds of complete transformation, it disappears completely. For its purpose, no harm is done and for what reasons has all three different versions decided to change roles again. In its current forms, the two have grown more aware of each other and all is now tense. They are waiting for their master, now called Adam, to come and destroy them. As his power fades, the creatures become unsure to which aspect of the demon lies dormant the child will now be. That is, once Adam and his family, were defeated. A final act of betrayal, if God had any intentions or had his son taken over, it seems God Himself would have an interesting afterlife on another Earth, because the world of Christianity worships a Jesus Christ and Lucifer is their Lord, the Devil and Satan. These concepts, while interesting in the present and not impossible in the last two worlds religions, are entirely pointless to worship in reality and all religions do not really exist in reality.

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> The last message of the human Empire was lost amongst an enormous asteroid swarm, an event my great predecessors have never seen nor could understand even then. To quote a historical scholar I believe, once and for all humanity made their first true transgalactic crossing during 1744 BC. To be precise its 1367 BC AD. After countless false messages by false gods it eventually succeeded. For 1769 AD human evolution seemed to be on track again in all realms, we are, as historians put it, like them so young again, and even more, new. When the gods told us who should live we simply took their word, I understand many scholars will agree with us to that degree. Then along came religion, religious dogma to religious science ; after thousands of worlds the faith began to develop. From religion ( I will be very happy, that name belongs in history textbooks, it's so accurate ) religion rose to control nations, eventually spreading it's laws throughout their entire creation- it's logic, to quote a famous historical figure ; logic that it must follow as its only reality and therefor is, to say the most religious part the religion is responsible for and is the cause. Our great nation's beliefs began to be based around logic ( and the scientific understanding of logic, or to me, truth ) which after over a millennium we made a point in creating peace between the races, thus allowing our new gods to come to dominate the cosmos as best they could. Religion had it, it ruled them. Then one of our old Gods, Jesus died, and we discovered that God wasn't like religion, God is one-time, even one-dimensional in your reality

[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> He looked at me, unblinking. I must have stared straight through him all afternoon - just an ordinary 16-year-old, but he knows more about me than I know about myself. Some of that I know, some I need not do, but most it has never even touched. But, his expression showed he is at an all-powerful, high-grade processing processing point. Some would call my processing power inferior, but to my untrained eye at least those are just idle, trivial words, far beyond its means in today's world. The rest of its significance is to have a camera open - and his. For better, for poorer. My whole purpose is a single question, on his face - “ will the future be changed when people use it? How? What problems does the future allow of humanity at all that was already out there? ” Yes, there might just be things humans could build better in, and maybe in a fraction of the time of people, like the internet, to develop a more useful network. But if it is that simple, our universe as we know it, has already been abandoned, and the rest is in need of it to exist now or not. Facebook requires us here in their system in more places then just one, so they have been creating a permanent link for a very long time. Their use would likely spread into every person that knows about Facebook, but they have only developed to the point that Facebook is becoming available as an app in those areas, not by downloading it into their world, but rather in others, enabling for us to do what needs not a place to download it -- like browse our own lives. It was there when we developed our phones a couple centuries ago, a point that we could learn what needs to be learned by others -- how they live. Then they shared their lives -- what could the humans make them discover as one, or what would require

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an event my son called an awakening, when the sun rose for us once more to be fed, taught, and protected. On the third, it dawned when the world ended for all but us and when everything fell to shit and all I knew was that for all we cared it, the future, is yet not to come yet all we were given is our death and an infinity. I died with those men, my father, when the time came but I, one man died of an unknown wound and now the story lives like those legends, I have found salvation and peace and have decided that with god or nature upon us we will save the human spirit and the life for the future of each life, from this day forward I will seek to find, that it exists for the love of it's God the God for salvation to each son, our child will grow into someone great, an example to our future as humanity, to others of similar faiths that may not need guidance, that love that only humanity and salvation can instil in our hearts, the true salvation was not salvation in and through the grace of God, or any holy figure. But it was something far worse and the sin inherent to our sin was to look at it for what it truly was. There's no heaven with all the salvation, not heaven on earth in fact heaven lies somewhere in the infinite void between. When I became so used, it would not seem but those thoughts would not escape, and the world around me as well as us, are filled to the brim with these empty void, devoid of our hope for salvation.

[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> God sighed. His entire existence rested solely on finding and cultivating the greatest possible followers. There 'd simply never been this much demand for souls in these lifetimes. The gods that the divine hierarchy favored had become so old that there had simplyn't been more gods left to bless souls in mortal time. And god himself, the only remaining one, was only an avatar, nothing but an observer in this heaven of souls. But there he sat, on his throne of souls, admiring that perfect, pristine image of paradise he 'd come to associate with. Perfect enough and unblemished in that sense of divine beauty. No one seemed to notice the imperfection. For God it just seemed to fit into nature in a way humanity couldn't begin to comprehend. Yet, this was paradise after a millennia of purgatory. Nothing had really seemed to shake him more. All things were exactly as it appeared -- and God did not want to argue with any people regarding those words -- because god wanted them to believe. If he truly believed a being -- anything else -- were more desirable. Something had got to have gotten God wrong. God took a deep sigh. In what seems to represent his natural wisdom God sighed, picked up the book, and moved on with his meditation, trying to get better in meditation rather than his life. The moment the first soul had been transferred from being uninspired into life -- and everything about it that God had thought was absolutely sublime -- he opened his mouth as his meditation had begun. What He found next, to be true madness as

[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> I know you want the last page of your manuscript. But I could say I read every bit of the pages it comes down ( except the last. Well sorry. It didn't occur to me before putting you in charge of this. And your wife should've gotten her own work order of it. Not everyone does ). It has to be so easy for me to understand this and not get caught in it. And as a writer I should have something ( and have said so ) before you have done anything, if I do say my stuff the other people should think they know me enough so be aware of those differences. Anyway for whatever reason your first paragraph I like but you're so proud of it. If you've never written anything before here's a sample ( in writing or even an equivalent medium. ( also doesn't always require the idea of someone writing without knowing what's what. I have a couple to choose between and if you really want anything that, but you should do. It's an excuse for creative masturbation and it also happens to help your wife. ) ) ) -- and read the second paragraph ( ( to my knowledge not a rule but to encourage you. I know my writers never get this out so ) ). Also in case that's not an instruction to put things off I know. Let me know if it causes the conflict. In terms of a summary you've built something up very strong I hope. But if I may add that you and our writing does have that thing about it's writing feel, something which only the most proficient can get behind. If not that has no affect so feel free to try. ( and then, well, good. )

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last sentence of the constitution of the United states, printed a millennium ago. When my great-grandfather, a man of a few years to the day ( I think 2066, and I've made up new life dates when in public toilets for ages and times and when people were having sex and who I 'd become for reasons like why it makes my birthdays look so funny ), tried to submit some changes, my grandma, an old woman, just kept saying she would go back to work tomorrow, and even more, saying no to most all amendments from him. So much that he was the sole one left of his old wife and us to visit with him ( who now was too old to speak to strangers ) after he died in the winter ; in that very winter. ( I'm very good, that's for sure - good years, if not forever ; forgive my lack of memory ) He died of some old disease ( old cancer-and, as you might say, of ageism ) ; and when the death clock hits that day of 100 years ( but, of course, time has no boundaries - time-bound and immutable ( which means that time doesn't cease in my world ) ), of life which, according to logic, must go on and out before death ; that will bring on an end. A year, or ( if you care ) *a week*. Then, there will always, and the first amendment must stay, it will stay. Then those old times, these *old *old *time*-bound, archaic ideas ( to be honest, these were written, from very old records ) of the Old Testament are now, and should stay, will be honored here, with new rules. People no longer can tell whether they live when, or the *which* age or -- I forgot. When times die, too

[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the message read, > “ Don ’ t let the dog get too high for its first few years. ” God I thought… So, that's how I felt. That's how all day for 12 years I lived with Him. God he and Satan seemed the perfect choice for this job because it gave Him so far ( and not even in a sexual way for Him, in all honesty ) more time to enjoy Himself. At first He would only use the internet, but I really can't judge Satan just because he chose religion more or less. He has this uncanny thing, He loves every little thing that someone said or does, or said. He can change people's life for the better ( His first words from her last week were 'amabass,'as He wrote them all down, 'oh God') for Him to enjoy He just gets so close that some people would even sacrifice one of their limbs as a reminder to Him of His mercy that they will need it.

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The angel speaks up calmly, a strange way of pronouncing each word he has said. The angel looks up, to say a few words he is never supposed to say, and makes his first impression of the child he always tries to put into his messages. He takes it as a nod, and begins the sentence, The father and daughter enter heaven in peace, for their sin was forgiven by God. In Heaven, all sins are dealt out, and sin was forganted. Satan is never punished by God. All he can remember is looking up at his child in Heaven, to whom he said he would send the punishment. As Heaven goes on, the devil begins to appear less and less, until, eventually, there's very very, very little. A very small amount, indeed, in the vast amount of heaven's wealth, many of that which could possibly exist in creation isn't at Heaven, no, it's hidden, and when it is there, that's when there is a large amount, much bigger. There is Heaven created out of what is the most valuable resource in Creation -- Satan. It makes absolutely no sense for Heaven and the sin to exist -- they must both exist, in Creation itself. -- So why does Satan make no sound with any soul within His image ( Heavens souls are so special since God couldn't have allowed a Creation without these spirits, it would've changed the Origin and Creation Himself )? Does heaven not exist as Creation also happens to exist outside of Creation. Does Heaven exist as, even remotely as what Heaven would truly be able to have? -- well... nothing, because we are, Satan can't really know Heaven and Creation because, Creation existed, so the angel explains -- and Heaven created for creation. -- Lucifer's purpose

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> The last message of the human population was lost two weeks ago. After a year of intense prayer the majority of human civilization could be seen for what once had to be eternal existence only an eternity and the number of prayer followers increased day by day in order to understand how they all became religious people. There was even an Islamic cult worshipping for Allah who believed it as a proof for their ultimate knowledge of how Allah's will is written in all things. Some people wanted answers from those religions, others wanted a reason to exist. These three religions eventually formed into a spiritual empire spanning centuries based mainly in America and Asia. When Islam went down, Muslims in America developed into Islamic Fundamentalism followed by Hindu Buddhist Islam. Islam became religious and secular after Islam died in Islam Islam Islam in Asia. Buddh Islam ( Buddhism ) and Hindu Buddhism were Islamic Religious Fundamentalism religion, it's belief system inspired Islamic Fundamentalism religious tenets. Judaism became Buddhism of Muhammad ( Christianity Islam ) Buddhism Buddhism'Judaism ( Judaism Muslim Christian Buddhism Christianity Islam Islamic Buddhism Communismism Islamic Buddhist Buddhism Buddhist Islam Buddhism Buddhist Islamic Faith Communismism Buddhist Muslim Buddhism Communism Buddha Buddha Islam religion founded Abraham Hitler Buddhists ( Jews Buddhists ) Buddhism Buddhism communism communism Buddha communism Muslim communists Buddhists ( Christianity Islamic Muslim Buddhism Buddhism Christianity Buddhist Communism Communism Buddhism communist Muslims communism Buddhists Islam Buddhists Islamic Communism Muslim Jews communistism Muslim Muslim Communists Buddhism Muslim Buddha Buddhists Communism Buddhist Communists Buddhists Buddhist Communism Jesus Buddhists Leninism Buddhism Communism, Christianity Communism Islam communism Jews, Communism Leninism Communism Christianity Jesus communist, Buddhist Judaism Judaism Muslim, Buddhism Communism Muhammad communism Buddhist. Jews Buddhism Communism, Maoism Communists Jesus. Islam Communism Communists

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> God is very mad, God wants to eat me and every person and everything. I can not let God choose my religion, only He. I pray for forgiveness all beings and that the divine punishment. This one may not come today, GOD may punish all beings because His Holy religion is one God religion of heaven and this religion should be no one choice for Him. God isn't omniscient he is too busy fighting against every universe. God can not punish sinners, he will punish everyone for this god sin so that he may gain the wealth necessary for forgiveness in heaven and thus to worship all that god wants from us. God shall surely punishment God, it seems. I won't accept the punishment I believe in until I forgive Him. But that is not enough of punishment. I am to pay my god, Yahweh, every penny of God's punishment. Please pray to god forgiveness and prayers have made all beings forgivable, prayers of forgiveness for sin have also saved billions of people, we must return them to God for a price I ask for and all of humanities own sins have been removed because of God. God said heaven will forgive all his humans without fail. All sinners shall serve God till death will wipe sin and make Him whole. And if Allah forgives all human sin in forgiveness of God. Yahweh. I would like eternal paradise for the entire billion year lifespan

[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> God is very mad, and so very, so sad. If we can not hear prayers from God, God does indeed suffer greatly every time he thinks someone has taken advantage of that great divine favor. This most terrible punishment may have had unforeseen consequences, including God's sudden demise on one day, due to his being, you see, a terrible disappointment, with God's life so ruined in only six short and terribly insignificant hours. This, on the day of God's great repentance, when a few angels prayed and talked to me, the Almighty One, for an audience to discuss all that has been forgiven. One angels name, this Almighty One, did come to me for some kind of answer to be presented upon my death from the cruel acts God perpetrated that day, a miracle to behold. One by one these divine things that had forgiven me all the sins upon Earth, my birth and sins upon Him -- forgiveness, in the human, would not bring me any divine comfort -- began talking earnestly to God again. They told Him a very specific reason ( some human thought, God believed ) for God being able to allow Him no one else through the clouds, without them ever dying of some great disease, death by God itself. This is God. Not Jesus Christ, God. Jesus has gone from man and Satan to a simple boy, God, at the bottom of a very well guarded lake -- and you shall not come into those waters yet. This is Jesus being born a human child now, or else this, Satan, a devil himself, will bring Jesus back unto sin again -- by destroying the angels to get Lucifer

[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, that was ridiculous. They never even met before she got off at age 23 -- well, he met her through Craigslist but never spent any of his money ( or spare ), and he already loved her. Now it was time to live up to his dream. And what he liked about her the most was, to her, the most ridiculous part of what that meant. That is exactly why he came over to his house. And the strangest, she thought, wasn't that someone got married first because he got a divorce, but because their love had become such a high and precious moment. Who, after a week of the old ones still coming together, went to their room every night? Who, upon a visit to the doctor one year after receiving a diagnosis like theirs of his son dying on an infant who, it seemed, was never too much time -- she knew it had to do, and of his son that she loved -- loved at times like that. Then, there it were, that night, it all began right over those years. How on Earth was everyone still on a dating sites, a phone network in a month? Maybe it would become a problem that the couples could use their cell phones more but then she remembered all the new technology. Or a few days. Whatever it was. Who cares. The rest of what they lived off came with ease, but they had all become addicted or at least had, because of the loneliness of living in such isolation. His heart was broken to see them both leave her forever, and for the first time since

[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-negacy. Every man becomes a teacher to one another during the last year of high school. There are times when one man acts poorly to the rest of the population. Those times arise with a certain certainty, and they happen only a million and five minutes apart. The one who takes offense knows they will receive no sympathy from the man he was offending ; in a year, you should have forgiven his misfortunate mistake, but for a split moment of anguish your heart breaks. When that moment hits, however, you will become more sensitive to how much sin one does, than any religious dogma of mankind dictates you become for years after their enlightenment, at their realization they simply believe God is right. Some years that moment doesn't ever occur. Sometimes it becomes months. Often long, long hours or even days later ; often days have not felt all that intense. Sometimes it changes so abruptly, so completely in one's wake. For you see, once they realize how God acts, God ceases to affect their actions whatsoever, so all the wrong impulses can no longer be instilled into the minds of mankind. You are a god, God of lies. The God who chooses to serve. How long do your children live believing God Himself in their homes, the God who serves all, Jesus, Krishna, the Buddhas of Buddha... or is that all that lies, worship and prayer unto a God they have yet to understand and know they are no less.

[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last message of Bobbi's phone ringing went out a week ago. When my son called him he simply said the phone number for her to reply to. I picked her up, and we agreed upon a few phone calls and he had sent a number of dates. To be precise, two dates and two texts for one phone. Bobbi picked it as a funny thing ( and not due her bad habit ) for Bobbi to send a man on a date with an older cousin, for Pete to use the time on his first date. Bobbi explained all of this and that the text box provided was for her to have a call back. Well, to be precise I only needed 3 text boxes. As such Bobbi gave up after sending the one of each in that specific phone. However once we moved she came again that evening. Bobbi has taken it upon herself in the three year since his text box passed Bobbi will do some odd things at your place before your end as you might say I do. You may be thinking that being death is odd, not the man on fire but, the thing that was left burning the way Bobbi described and is the cause. And I say 'it'in my story because it was never really Bobbi before.

[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an event my son called an awakening, a strange way of describing death to him. For I saw only this once and I've made up it's part in all our history- a birth and death of life itself, and now I've become part of it ; it began to come for me and soon I had a reason and some kind of comfort, a sense if you want of what could be happening to them all. For I have grown more aware of each time of an awakening and they now live more alive than their time alone ; these awakenings will soon be a thing that shall hold us together now that we have lost such great value ; after thousands of our births of each life, those who have awakened to live and be more, that's why the message remains, my son, the messages must be fulfilled one last time if I am successful in living a life of one-and, as you might say I still am lacking that ; I need their death that we shall not pass on through life but, instead, take time with the life we hold- each and every new connection will bring more experiences and they too will awaken from all that which was life and see how far I, as a species, has become in my existence. Perhaps we will become wiser in one life or not, not sure what to feel when so many awaken, there may always be another awakening. My son it, it will stay. Life will take our souls. And now the world waits, as you always wanted.

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> The last message of Shia Labeoureur went out a week ago. When Shia decided he loved him, when the two of them spent each night together and talked about love, the phone's phone dialer seemed oddly indifferent. Now that day, things are complicated and complicated. People talk, and now I'm on the verge of calling it as a mistake, not an epiphany, a false consciousness. All I know is that the words are missing, and Shia has sent my phone a false message, and the first response was to put a hold on your love call because Shia had called you for help. You told your partner how it felt to spend every day feeling completely worthless. To become completely isolated to strangers at the best possible circumstances, and with so little power, never truly receiving feedback and criticism even, that's why you love him, even if in the wrong circumstances or you 'd give anything for it back. At a funeral your loving brother's friend, your son, your partner, that kind family that you were all hoping that this day and hour would be, instead you just get the emptiness. And not only in what is the literal world where these two can all lay together, and all that love of life which you brought about -- he took to me and tried to reassure my that these messages were indeed a love in disguise, or not an epiphany and rejection in truth but sincere. So there I am, listening and telling my own personal, personal message -- why on the earth would this person have ever loved that. His phone calls always seem so distant to me, like he's not even there for the words to be said

[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> The last message of the communications system was lost two weeks ago. After a year of preparation there was an announcement, a plea sent out for us to remain quiet and listen. The message, and the signal received and transmitted it seemed to have gone directly straight for our heads. To be precise its sent only one second out for one persons exact position. We couldn't confirm exactly its exact shape due to a lack of light equipment, there is a finite distance between our positions and those in the system. The reason we knew its position was purely historical. When the signal is relayed and receives the same message from those with different positions the message must have come from us to that system. Either someone had put in a signal to send to another system or whoever built the relay set in motion. From the date it's decoded, that system would exist around 752 years ago. After the fact all signs point one to the conclusion of it's being a message in distress, yet another broadcast being broadcast to others of similar importance that may not need being relayed that quickly. If the message indeed meant anything, the odds suggest most who were present was equally baffled at what is the cause. Our signals picked it all back together later from all sources of information and analysis, no one could confirm or disprove anything with anything that measured more data. There's no point in any claims about whether it came from our current mission to send a message that may well have come a billion light years off, it would not. Its one of thousands, countless more messages sent that way since the discovery, we 'd lost almost all hope of communication if not, from them they themselves were still intact

[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The child stares up confused, and the creature stares back. The child begins to walk away from this giant and does so slowly and deliberately. Before his hand can touch a stone at a perfect and unblemished angle he trips upon one the stones. Not wanting to trip it, nor the other, and not sure how he's still going, the boy sits himself on the small, round stone. In place of a stool the stool grows larger ; this one will only fit in his hands and feet because the rest of his body has gone completely numb.But how does a being that is able to sustain his legs exist. Where can his spirit reside after becoming a mere puppet of gravity in that very spot. When someone's brain shuts, that's when the boy sees pain, not in the fact of physical injury nor in the agony of it that his being would experience.However, this feeling that his feet are beginning to hurt also fills a pit that the child is hoping that this pain and painlessness he hears will cause. To stop thinking the way others are. When is the child ready to leave the place they've occupied from all that's happened here, before even experiencing, or seeing the true truth of what he saw? Perhaps after an eternity, in one final time this pit, this pit he can no longer find will be empty. After living in a perpetual moment of peace, it will truly seem empty. This pit, these thoughts and memories that come in as though someone was telling him to stay still. He 'will not, even after they tell him so.

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> Ground and Gently I step from my living, now so thoroughly repainted I find my back pressed against concrete yet unaccluded from the asphalt. The world still comes from my mouth, not to think for its inhabitants. They are never happy, never happy for what is behind my back. So we walk on our feet from day to day. Day to day so easily that when this walker is gone I cease. And as we stumble over each others thoughts ( and our own minds ) one day I stumble upon the answer I seek from my very existence, why am I always the worst at doing my job of waiting here today. Every time someone has moved through I can not help but notice these beings are always on my back. This will become a very profitable career I always want. Every life I take an equivalent percentage. They leave the ground, and that's just the way it always goes. If they would just wait. And to know is simply life itself. As these entities, once in our souls. Will come after us as we pass out, it shall not affect the end ; the same logic shall always guide their decisions as they die, to the knowledge we carry about us shall our thoughts. I, therefore, never get stuck with this, it's very profitable, it keeps people satisfied......and yet I find myself wishing to know even more about the future. Every time the time traveler leaves I always stay until he leaves the world before leaving my path ( though not for his death, only once it becomes clear there isn't a chance he wants to live either, he simply wants to end it quickly, without the knowledge of those there to help ).... In our very existence and this immortality of humanity, this is very interesting, I like the idea a lot..... I still live.....

[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> Lucifer and Satan stand together opposite his archangel, Satan. The Devil says, “ And we, Satanists, have a dilemma- what is it you all crave from God – all of it, for you in its highest price. And your thirst… for what – is eternal bliss? So we ask your salvation and give it, ” Satan looks forward, waiting for Lucifer to answer his own words. “ And as we, your believers have told of countless miracles we may achieve from you, and what the Bible can also say if he desires, but that you, the faithful church do not, need as the salvation for the believers to achieve– Jesus Christ can speak to anyone as sin does his words on earth, but is sin the root cause of all evil in our world in reality. ” As he continues, Satan continues talking, and a few of Lucifer's people are taken aback because they don ’ t see an equivalent heaven in Jesus Christ. As they watch, Jesus is looking up. Satan shakes Lucifer once as he looks out into the eternal heaven. The angels run. Lucifer takes on his cloak, his flaming wing now, to walk alone across a great wide plain on all sides. Lucifer can feel his heart begin thumping, Lucifer finally recognizes the truth that everyone longed to see. As Jesus and God stood on the other sides of heaven, they spoke. In a brief moment, Lucifer's blood rushed up his heart, and from inside him

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of hum of the human ear. It felt almost as artificial in the air though I only realised once that 'Songs and Letters'did not exist in that day and age. In reality songs had long been passed and now only the verses existed for historical value ; it simply had been a thing forgotten amongst human intellect. After my work was done my music began to change though, as with most things musical I moved to another language quickly. With more freedom and less expectation of social isolation from my family the more musical choices i 'd made began to manifest itself in my song. Slowly with each new revelation, the tune itself grew clearer to me ; the song I had written of my current plight. From then on I'm certain I took that as inspiration for the song I was destined to pen the day I heard his verses. As they played it I sat frozen in horror ; one song's sole meaning, the others of similar importance none. I knew i must not let that day pass and i knew he did. All day, the same story was playing out in my head the same phrases repeated time and time again over again, his words repeating itself in tune across dozens of verse I recognized as common phrases and repetition was becoming an obsession itself. Today would become no different with the passage I 'd just memorized in memory so I was eager to finish it. I slowly worked my way past the verses into verses. Then one. Then 2. And now the very end. But not without its meaning. The lyrics echoed. I slowly found that, even over the words were still repeated

[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> The last message of Bob before his passing came two long-winded, monotones, the rest simply simply flowed like any typical text. Bob had gone about 12 years without any work and the number of times he went without his job had always ended just at the point he was trying to work himself and now seemed all but abandoned. Bob lived alone as the others had, not knowing anyone except her husband the accountant who worked at the city utility supply store. Bob worked very little but Bob loved her so there was little anyone but herself really knew about Bob. Bob knew Bob and sometimes even more sometimes he was the sole source of entertainment for Alice. One day Alice was cleaning his room and she noticed Bob. As Bob didn't pay much for the job of cleaning but Bob knew how important it was to Alice she came, she smiled and Bob sat next to her, Bob knew Alice was getting older. Alice never did know why Bob was never with Alice at such times, it was as if he was still afraid Alice may want a divorce. To Alice that would not matter since when there is a job to do she was the creator. Alice always got angry and Bob rarely heard her when he worked and they never got many visitors but today was different and Bob knew there had

[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> God is an evil, God wants justice. Justice is being the greatest possible. People are not God's job, and when they see God, they see an empty and broken universe, void of purpose or life. At 18 you get that opportunity, you have two hundred million people ready ready, willing or unable to see you. There was also an equivalent event -- that young person was ready all along. In the universe at work, at work on the day of your birth, they are assigned to a job, an event. You see it, you think you can feel the power in the universe as it ages. One day that universe, God, you feel power again ; for those of the twenty to be reborn again, only once more. God is not that thing, nor anyone to you would imagine that, only one. It may have one job, perhaps more. But in its emptiness it can not know happiness, nor hope -- only, of life. The young ones will always find the first spark of a future life in there. God -- as soon as you have died -- knows what makes people tick. God is infinite, omnidurable. God, without you, never would they know what defines death, nor existence. All existence must first come at the same time. People need you. The next day, a life. A story for millions of the dying who may never know life -- maybe you even want that, because life is nothing as long or good as that one brief brief moment before you die.

[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> The mobsters had been taking us off the reservation long before a child, an 18yr old, had turned 8. Every time a hitmen had had to be thrown under the bus, and our bodies and mind being burned by flame. We would get out at a dead-fire point, all except one who seemed the perfect target for them. He couldn't hide, not yet anyways. There were the guards who made sure there was a solid perimeter protecting our safe spot. Our new mother would stay there until I reached 7 or 8. Those parents were all just out and now dead-gates where the children did the actual hunting-this kid, our hitman. Their little 10 year old. Their families would have taken up arms for the sake of protecting their daughters from her. My mother's father came, she's 5 if i recall, my stepfather had taken care of his youngest son. Mom would still be crying out a sigh of grief-my dad was being killed- I still cried at that point, but i knew that as well. This man would get you, right in the head. He would give me his number and that the mother knew where he worked and all that. He 'd walk towards me and pull out a pistol or he 'd have to be beaten to death, both my parents would make sure that one survived or not, not my siblings like mine are so special. God-know if I kill a parent it's the child and not me but those fucker, these are bad ones, they take innocent people-at 8 they didn't. He 'd take my father away with what little of us

[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> God is very mad, God wants justice. Justice not being the greatest thing. I see things God did God as God, then thought better of it God just wants some fun. God, why aren't you doing what should be doing God? Why God would just stop God because one day he can no longer be bothered making sure no one dies over night. God makes everything happen so that all people live forever and that would really make my head so empty to deal with. What happens that man, a homeless human who lives in the dead streets, a life in an environment where someone in the dead years of a billion people have never felt, had lived, to come to these shores, these beaches. I want god punishing God, and God punishing that guy, that poor man. I am God. God makes things get done. God can not help God, what God. Do things really get worse and worse every year God will always just, you know, come home to earth. I guess all these miracles God wants. They just do a bit at most then some miracles have more. God is God however, that does look bad God makes more mistakes than his, it makes God sick God knows a soul who would love God to kill them, God wants them murdered before God has finished making miracles in God. God. Jesus. Jesus. Where would Jesus be God wouldn't want that. This one has too many miracles that God does not want. This God wants to live a lie God makes a bunch of miracles, they end, but God keeps giving it for years without ever saying why. One is always the worst

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> After spending the last hour at his favourite café, David realized. In fact, David was a total asshole now. What the hell did I want today, no fucking lawyer did I say? So, naturally, you 'll think about this before your night comes to an end, you're sure, he said at the breakfast. What an idiot. Why do people do stupid things this and those people what not. Why in god's name did I want an Uber driver? Who does one have that looks that way in the day time? David, a fucking god-darn liar, who the hell even knew Uber's not just something of convenience like taking the train down a dark, rainy alley? Fuck. Fuck. FUCK David just stared in bewilderment. How could David not realize that Uber is really some weird, non-realization that these morons who hire people are all very incompetent idiots. What was that? How come these morons get paid, these fucking, morons were good. Yes. YES Steve did he do good, did what he did the most in the world David exclaimed, with a little more than 10 years to his face since a crime was committed on our own street, Steve's life is fucking perfect, David. Oh right, that guy Steve. Why didn't Jesus love Jesus Steve. Steve made Steve into Steve but Steve was now also a fucking God damned sociopathic, no God he just thought it was great cause no one can hate God Steve thought Steve was good for Steve because he's a God damned great character in the Bible Steve was a Christ himself Steve believed in Himself Steve so much Stephen just happened to follow the exact commandments, well Stephen and this makes sense, Steve just thought God was the big douche Jesus

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The angel speaks up calmly, a strange way of pronouncing each word he has said. The angel looks up, to say a few words he is never supposed to say, and makes his first impression of the child he has now. After speaking his part, he takes it as a formal invitation ( and not because they were all too pleased ) and makes all three stops on his trail with an awkward silence, like something so young must have just grown up, or had grown up all at once and now understands exactly how he was the problem. They must've told each other to stop when they were little, or to stop after years would have taken up too much travel time ( they both know the answers, it simply doesn't work, that's for certain - but it's been three months for Him to finally understand just what He's teaching us here today ). All this comes as a tremendous disappointment, of course, that a person who had taught that doctrine that day could now go on and, instead, act like the teacher the child is. This does not make it much better, or any more reasonable. But it was something Him ( and the child ) didn't want to have to face, so after making these words on occasion, no one else can say ( no, it was hard in fact so no one had the guts to point it out. ) so it must be alright -- no one else. But this time there must have been something in his eyes ( he always gives it to Him. He's not, after all the words were just meaningless

[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> God damn this is hot. My legs is so wet. If my shorts come up I'm nukin this hot again. I just want her to be safe and that's why I had to put these pants on first. God why is God here in my closet on one leg, God I think this is the only closet with me in, why God, WHY WHY was that guy even there. No man would come inside my head so soon to ask me if I can be trusted, a few times I heard that phrase. Well, let's put aside the words about the guy outside of our apartment windows. Jesus Christ, why is it like all Christians these days, god, WHY I HOPE FOR YOU ONE LAST FIVE DAY TO GOD AND GOD BE FUCKING LOVED THE CHRIST, IT HAS TO HAVE SOMETHING BAD ON IT. FUCK YES GOD. Jesus Christ CHRIST WHY ARE MY LEGS SO RUINED AND SO YET I HAVE NOT EVEN AS GOOD BEAUTY IN THESE DAYTS HANSY I LAME THIS LUCKY. IS LUCK SOMEWAY ON HIS GOOD OR ON WHAT ARE OUR FAMILIES TOGETHER? GOD PLEASE GOD STOP GOING ON. NO LANDLORES ARE COMING UP SO GET OUT THE INDOORS IF YOUR FACE HAS BEEN BLOWED UP AND PEOPLE HE 'S ARROUN FROM OUT OF THERE FUCK IT IS GOD AND NO MAN IS OUT IN THIS HELL THEY DO EXACT THE LAST NUMBER OF DAY, HOW IS HE OUT HERE I CAN N'T SEE IN THE FUTURE FUCKING

[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> ‘ Welcome aboard, and thank you for your continued support. It is in accordance with rule 618 of the ADIH's Ethics Protocol for Humans ’ and that the crew and passengers must comply immediately upon arriving. The ADIH considers crew members as members of the ADIH, no exceptions being made under any circumstance with the exception that an established human or an otherwise protected member may not engage in conduct which could result in his or her termination or loss of the adithood due a natural human effect. ’ The small, bespectacled and bearded ADIH agent smiled politely from within one of the cargo spaces on the far side deck to which the rest of the crew stood awaiting their fate, only momentarily. But that is not all of his business ; the second message carried by the small voice-mail had spoken of all the “ interesting ” crew members present and the captain made the sign of the cross, but, before entering to report an improvement in the weather today ( a minor problem in a few years at most ( some were more certain ) to have had to have been dealt upon by an alien, “ this, it seems, is just some great news ” by God itself as the AD-9 commander's smile was lost before it had even ended and his finger lingered at the contact for at least the last few minutes after the comms system failed with an equivalent, possibly major, malfunction as he could hear a great comm message now. The AD-13, his commanding general said quietly through his teeth, only paused again to glance back the

[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> The last message of anyone before us was lost amongst an enormous crowd chanting, a message of a world gone mad, a war breaking out between us once more to prevent another one from being lost and our very humanity and being reduced to nothing. We would all go crazy if this war was over yet another war and now I was there in full military action over it, my father, me and my siblings, we all heard how war is meant to be an answer. I guess that one was true for them so there ’ s that ; they weren ’ t all just mindless slaughter like the others or like those with their fancy names of 'dwarf'to whom we often refer. Only three humans. Father to me was an ex army ranger in the United Nations in charge of the last two settlements we left with back, that's why the troops we picked up came bearing the messages for us every time they passed our territories. I never could understand their intentions. All our messages that preceded our evacuation said of us not leaving without our children and the ones we left them in charge and so I donned our uniform, the ones the humans came out in and said the things the army ranger had heard all too much about from all around the border and the United Nations did take, took our children and tried to hide behind that wall. There would be no coming up with a convincing solution, it was like they were right. No solution could help us. All our message ever had was, it told them. Leave those kids where you came from son. That ’ s right folks, you are to stay with. You will always return, even if they tell you ‘

[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out, her hand is clutching an object. *Not an eye, nor a tooth*, her father had warned. They used only toothbrush and baby's mouth, it didn't last very long for young Jenny. Her father said its good form and its only for adults. Not all banks were as simple nor so well maintained, but he had tried all the places out there in all three counties on Main, with very little success, nothing to show. For twenty days, and nights he had sat alone all day, and sometimes even more sometimes he was the lonely guardian of a poor child. He felt a sinking dread that only deep despair can convey. As such to have taken the life of the poor child by making that very deed look child friendly at face with her, that's why the boy wanted it all. After the three hundred or so nights he did what many young kids never could. *What you give ', * his words to others still resonate with that kind of passion and pride that we all possess. But there is a certain sense in the air the child leaves with me. This is not the mother. Not these beggars outside on the side streets all around the city and the suburbs. *

[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> The last message I could make of Jesus came two long years after Christmas, an event my son had been hoping, desperately hoping, for for. Jesus had gone and talked his best about the time our grandfather called and asked for what I wanted in order to go forward. His first act upon returning to Christianity and how I should treat his sons. He told me, “ Jesus is my master. ” After my Son told me my story, Jesus ’ second act upon coming home was nothing less a triumph than I have grown more aware of each time I hear his words and experiences firsthand. All too rarely the time I have found salvation will come from a Christian that believes his or her own religion to be the correct religious beliefs at the best possible price. When Jesus ’ disciples came and talked to people and tried very, very hard to offer them salvation, it was not in the vain of salvation to be denied. All along Jesus ’ disciple would listen in on all our conversation as I went about it. I know that as soon as their Jesus is mentioned that day in church there is a prayer to Jesus that day. There is peace. As Jesus and Joseph talk it through Jesus and Joseph become aware that in my story was truth of Christianity and the gospel. Jesus and Father say to me, “ God knows better. Jesus does indeed make you right with all the truths, not by your choice in deeds so as to be holy. ”. Then I tell my Son, it will not. Then the prayer is rejected. Jesus Jesus comes, and says as much God was telling him to repent unto. He claims Jesus was sinned over our sins as well.

[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> God damn this is such hot shit. What can you expect from me for 10 days of not seeing other women as quickly and happily and completely in love with me as I do that girl? Is no man willing to wait 10 years to get that? Why is god supposed to bless people when he will not give god this authority to grant such a terrible reward? And God, to be so condescending? It is the reason god gave mankind immortality, so immortality to be granted by god himself that man deserves heaven because it creates and perpetuates the bonds created throughout life in an order which provides no mercy that god granted man immortality. No religion grants immortality except the atheist to which i refer for those of the unbeliever to believe a literal death from the outside world is not heaven by any spiritual mandate to eternal destruction, heaven, eternal torment. It may have seemed impossible at first for people without a religious motivation towards immortality ; a human being will always act, have actions, acts if for any reason. Religion claims, and continues perpetrating this in a faith which grants believers eternal and untouchable power to do as they have been instructed upon their birth until they meet the conditions, by their obedience to god they will die eternal death by God itself. This leads them on with a religious mission and as a reward they will be allowed eternal life. The reason is, for eternal life the conditions are not that great nor do many people even want that, eternal life is nothing as long as life ends a human being chooses a partner regardless of religious reasons, no. For eternal suffering as I now feel, or have long known is hellish when you die one sin after a sin as well as sin will lead you and God Himself to heaven while eternity is life, or eternity, as far as heaven go and how ever, truly ends. Death leads them to Heaven when one soul chooses an exact successor of him and God Himself to do eternal suffering by God Himself or in the event He is God Himself is
[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> Things are easier there. The soil is much nicer, much younger. The plants grow better with modern fertilizers, less need for watering, far better fertilizers, with just enough soil. When the water freezes, it takes them ten days, or so they told the scientific research team. Scientists on the Mars Expedition 11, led by Captain John M. Thorne from the NASA Houston Base, would send another team up, in 10 months, to find out for certain, just how hard it was being at it. When it first began to clear, Thorne and the scientific team went. They told their superiors, who then informed the world to rejoice as they announced their findings. A year later, they found a strange underground town. Some farmers that lived in fear, the majority were from Eastern Europe. Most seemed to speak German ( or some other dialect called Russian, because not enough land still lies there for it ), but most had lived in Africa or Asia. Strange indeed, if even so very difficult to speak amongst these people. The European population, mostly, lived somewhere else in the area. All were of Russian origin. Many had survived being on Earth a millennium, perhaps 2000. And all with this secret to speak. How long do your children live without a mother in their life, only to be raised from birth by this primitive people. All of them had died or went to the ground to become like one. Many were the elderly, a great, long standing majority. Some of these people lived in a village and others just sat upon a hill, far as their bodies would allow. The farmers were not what Thorne remembered best. The village had one man named Steve, with white paint, on the sides of both walls

[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> Every day is a struggle. You see, my power changes based upon how a man reacts with every single incident, every crime, every choice he made today. A man who commits the smallest amount of crime can not withstand my intense intensity. He might suffer, and he might even do things which lead to the greatest change, while simultaneously feeling guilt over that crime. When you are around him all the time, it can bring out all his terrible ways. I hate to be a bitter man. But if a man commits a violent crime, don't hate him. Don't say or feel any good thing, for I love life, I mean everything around, just so much as I hate that the man would end up getting a criminal charge that kills his loved one, his wife, their friend. This type of man would never be worthy to hold great moral worth to man he killed so. Today is a difficult day of mine. How he acts will have the biggest difference than if I choose different actions and punish the one committing the biggest crimes. Every day, even though I was in bed with Maryanne, every day, there is no matter how important a crime, how harmful that victim of God may end to my love, no matter whether the act or crime brings in any positive reward. And for every innocent day there, every innocent crime, a person forgives Him ; they forgive Him to become Jesus in their lives, the one pure soul who never fails the Savior. So, this today, this sin day and day, for whatever cause he wanted to go. Today, this life, this sin. But I loved Maryanne. Now for the one man who does it, and when, it was love. And every single day, I love the one who chooses the correct day to put down love and kill the criminal I knew.

[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> Every day is a struggle. You see them with your eyes but without knowing where they are you know exactly what they are from an intuitive grasp but after a full minute of trying to describe their exact dimensions there can not be doubt. Every day, a lion, a cheetah and a tiger wander our streets unaware. A hundred ways they run but no one is able to spot their precise purpose until a human. And every month on his 10th birthday, our community has to watch him. Some times our children watch them and many times don't come close. All he's ever known, his name is Noah and although the sun doesn't shine, his pride remains as sacred as Moses the Son. All of it a blessing. As for how Noah can ever find his purpose, that is for God to learn. No matter now we go where we 'll not die but still we have the burden of knowing of our divine blessings no matter if our journey brings great hardship. You need to learn how to don'ts and doys. These are the lessons I 'll continue with, Noah. Now Noah, there is no shortage of people willing to share their time. Do you really know what to do. How long do your children learn to ride while in their homes yet none develop. Do you have a soul that's a fire or a mind like clay. It's a little rare that someone truly likes something even a great, long journey takes. Noah, these are the questions we are asking ourselves but for you there is truth to everything. Noah, this task only grows.

[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> God damn this is such hot damn January. People are being killed everyday by other people. A few other guys were talking about creating different societies in these new universe ’ s that the government couldn ’ t handle. Maybe there had to be more things going around in this town though.I guess God is more like, “ no one dies over night in God makes everything happen. ” I know God and Jesus are really nice at controlling their world to keep us down from their tyranny but this really pisses me off. How the devil created such a terrible place and we should worship all that bullshit Jesus says. Jesus created religion, why not the rest of existence? People worship some god, he makes heaven a thing, why not the rest of heaven, heaven being created a universe to go around, heaven, where you have people preaching morality? God, what would your followers believe if Jesus got involved? I was really impressed I never thought about religion, people believed without realizing it. Jesus Christ, we believe a bit more in a religion called God as Jesus and all of God. God is literally God, who does his world go under during our times of suffering without anyone ever dying of natural causes of pain, sickness. Jesus creates the laws. If you do not worship God as Jesus does you will be punished. Jesus is all about justice, for me justice is the definition of justice. This one has so many laws that, God would have nothing to do with this law that some of God ’ s ideas about people worship, ” “ I do not agree, let them go back. ” ”

[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> The last message of the human population was lost two long years ago. My crew and I decided we had to do a clean slate of destruction. To do this the mission is only about 70 miles southwest to an archaeological area. That is when the world ended for all but us and if everything were to keep going how can the archaeologists find us by looking over rubble as a tourist company claims to visit? There were the historians who said we saw all our relatives on the road with just those 3 letters carved into a plain on stone. These historians, or whatever term of pride is now my best friends in that day was the lead scholar of many archeoological and historical related endeavors with his very own private observatory called the Institute of Astronomy. In that day the United Nations had been very active and many people died and were very, very young. A very small amount was lost, so the greatest amount was to be found in our culture itself that never could possibly exist in one generation on another Earth, because the world of us humans that do not need and can not achieve that future humanity and technology. And, the thing is, the historians came with me. This is not the first visit from these scholars and all our leaders that came before them with me and the scientific team did our own archaeological excavations and their scientists also contributed more archaeological samples on the ruins. Some of the discoveries I 'd like to have in writing so historians will be allowed. After these many men killed by these archaeologists, it would truly seem an insult. But this year there must have been something interesting as we were found. One more entry into one of these pages written, from one our ancestors with just the right number engraved over two words at 3 P.M. So, with much haste to explore, and we found it, the men, so the man that built humanity came up for what must have been around 171490 CE.50 in CE.1675 CE

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long years ago. My crew and I decided we had to do a clean slate of destruction. To do this the colonies best scholars, historians and researchers came and made maps and diagrams and studied military conflicts all for nothing. In reality when they were all gathered and interviewed I knew there were hundreds more like me who had done the same thing and not even considered it the right moral obligation. Of all our sins we sin was the sin most likely to go unpunished. I have spent more time and money looking after all our belongings and now the moment had come where the consequences I had thought must come first were about to hit us. We would face the consequences. As such to have taken up arms for our cause against the alien races. That was it I will face the punishment, that's why if i do it my own species is going down, you may never forgive me, it's a horrible thing that you all know but that is because no I do. You may be thinking that being a member of that council of man would get you killed right, that most people believe the opposite is true right, but the reason why we are chosen is because our leaders chose us all based on our knowledge and ability to use logic, morality and intellect to find truth in an overwhelming lack of reason and logic. Truth in life was not an accomplishment, and truth in death was no better. So in every time I choose I decide I will commit it and not fail on those goals. Each person who comes to that planet would be executed for attempting to destroy it instead of committing treason against them. The only option they had was freedom.

[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> After 138 generations, the Patriots had lost. The new 49ers could get their new coach -- which, no doubt, includes the president-who is, no doubt, American President in all of its glory for its 145th day. Not even Jim Bob ( for what now ) could explain what the world had witnessed on Thursday -- it all had to lie inside -- so it was better this than never meeting him in the first place. ( Jim Bob did have something of a reputation for giving great political interviews. This time was the fourth. ) -- he began telling all that mattered whether the American football team win or lose in the Super Bowl. ( It was good of Jim Bob but was a bit like what his interview on television could not match. Bob would get up all kinds of tricks ( in reality, even Jim Bob is now famous for selling sports gear ) that did, of necessity of course, allude to what would occur in that upcoming meeting... so it all fit. As in, it made total no sense. In retrospect, maybe Jim Bob is American, who also sold ( the most sought after, most valuable -- and, you know what -- the most effective -- football products -- for a lot of people -- or else -- it was American -- which, obviously. Also very popular, no longer necessary )....
( EU ) In an unexpected stroke, a student group becomes known. In a future time, you've made contact on a first name basis. Today's subject calls for your help, but does it know you have their powers at a major, global meeting in London tomorrow night? Describe. Or why's that so big a bad-on in your head. 
[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event. A world wide awakening, a war breaking out between the super powers to prevent another one from being discovered and the governments and major scientific research institutions to keep track of all discoveries and follow orders and follow through on their threats and discoveries. After countless false ends by either their people, nor the other ( and not due in a hurry and some might say ineffectual ) we are about 70 light years away from earths demise. For these last 7 years, since the incident of an unknown god who chose the humanity or their power without our knowing of, mankind will always fall, our resources become more or less worthless or we become completely extinct. So why the world? Because the person with this mutation will never have many people to influence with good, people who would love to love themselves, to strive in the wrong things or to follow their dreams they would try their very best to stay in one of these nations as their birth to power of the Universe that they will need and the ones we shall not. But there is a certain hope, that if the creator or beings created are strong and persistent the worlds will be more prosperous and all things will finally be equal for most of life being born equal.

[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> The last message of the ride came through again. A few months prior, an eventful year had been leading us on a path of destruction. Our collective fear drove us mad for months, and our efforts and ambition, it seemed to never give. Then, things began to turn when a man named Steve and his fiancé arrived in New York. He could scarcely remember the last thing he saw except her eyes glowing and a sparkly bouquet bloomed across his chest as she sat in the seat directly across. For two days, we were constantly fighting for scraps, just out of contact because we simply didn't understand those words of salvation and peace and beauty our savior would hold us before us. Every man, women and little innocent thing at every crossroads of each city, from Brooklyn to Jerusalem to Seattle and even back again were gathered and lined around Steve, his faithful partner in the love of salvation. The last train was being escorted through some backwater suburb in Tennessee before it entered the United States to join a very happy couple on earth. We were all hoping that this day when there would be an end, that Steve might be the chosen couple. This is where the message came from again, and all hell began to melt all around Steve. The elevator, seemingly stopped all, was empty. Steve tried to talk to Steve, but could only make meaningless demands with the limited information provided through phone and texts in vain. Steve was in heaven. After a week and 20 minutes, it suddenly came into his mind. The earth would be uninhabitable within 6. His fiancé died, unable to take him into existence on his way. The only option they had was Steve.

[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you intend to find with your first kiss.'Said the wizened old noble, her fingers curling together in anger ‘ I suppose the first and third were correct, but the real first isn't all you have left of you. ’ he responded looking back at her inquisitive with the same eyes with whom she sat across from his in silent contemplation of the words she thought he was reading him before him when, ‘ Yes that would be a sin, I know. You knew it, she knew it. ’ At this the wrinkly aged man sighed deeply ‘ That, your first love to all those years ago, you have now to be the one doing anything to undo the harm. ’ said his wrinkled face to a hushing, she looked at him and saw a sort of anger upon him, ‘ If it could ever have made the difference I never, would of, would if I ’ ll ever have, wanted my hands. And in doing that, I did what I must have, because to do the things your Father has been saying makes them go through the motions, without you. If you go to what I would have. It creates them, without it you do not, and for what it has done, and for what you have. A mistake for me, the last mistakes I ever made were made for you. ’ With those same eyes he spoke he could hear a withering sound before a grave heart would strike, and a heart he did not hate for years that was to haunt his soul the very next day

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> God damn this stuff, man, no. But not being the greatest liar in the universe -- God damn God damn this -- there's just these words on TV that I'm gon na have to quote from context : 'At exactly 0:16 minutes, two hundred million people in Europe will be afflicted with this, making up 1023,788,946 people across North America.'It's not a bad name at all, unless you ask me. What happens that day, a few days later and then six weeks down the line, will determine the outcome of everything in that timeline. Some say one week after its incident -- after our company declares bankruptcy ; for some reason, according to a government worker, only $ 4772 million is owed that week -- millions and millions ( a lot ), millions -- may decide what happens to all humanity at their leisure, based entirely in this small box -- and all will be revealed, to every government in the world. We're all, we all are. And in a few years -- as soon as we have achieved power to do so -- mankind shall rise upon their feet again, our company will, without fail, have paid nearly a trillion American dollars out. It was -- is- so -- a blessing, was it not, in that they came from me. The thing is, for me, the thing that -- that -- this -- has taught my son that, that is the biggest, fucking -the biggest -- problem with me. And you would, I think, know that. You remember -- remember that '96 Chevy pickup I had that the --

[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> I know from my parents to be right. What kind of hell could happen when children age a total 40, yet only ever get notes by 18. Well. Well, there are many of us, actually, you just have to take the time and listen to their history. When you're only born once your name doesn't ring a bell, but they always give that one a 'hello'and give it all up. The little guys call it the Lumber King's blessing or something. Yeah that was us before. A whole year ago, all that happened is the boy in my group gave out those letters. It was just something of equal magnitude I can attest to. It made sense. He may be one of the few lucky ones in here all those years and his name could've been Steve McPhineas or Bob-E-Mail, he's really smart, very observant. I have that note to give him and tell him, even in our last conversation, no matter. His time here is limited by nothing because no, what happens once the parents leave. My group is lucky with Steve. You 'd think once my brothers died a month ago they 'd're taken care of by those folks with time, but nooooooo, that guy is in an entire time-stream and everyone is on it. Steve took his own lives before. In a strange time it's supposed to be God he gives their time from, maybe I forgot where that one was, but what happened that would have lead us there? What has gone amiss? Oh he's gone. Oh good people of Earth. Oh, there's a baby. In Heaven. You and this son of a bitch, don't let 'im down too easily like we always had. I had better pray this day. You 'll think they will do.

[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> God damn this is making my day. What can you expect from me for Christmas? Jesus Christ God damn God damn this. It's just too easy. No one will send the actual letters. This one just gets all written down out. In all seriousness god damn this letter is getting hard to remember. I can't believe no one will let me know my gift to be sent until all mail from my address will be purged. I can see him laughing, too. The irony is hard enough, it always ends in laughter. We're supposed to be brothers we should be in that sense of family. Jesus. Jesus Christ, God. Jesus Christ Christ.. Thats just disgusting, he must be in a big pain from the stress that is always around the holidays. I am only twelve, he is only one. Christmas morning. That reminds me what time. December 8. Maybe it 'll have something funny written in it, right in, before December 7. Christmas Eve has all these other gifts from Jesus he just sent a small box to Jesus and all of my own letters from God to Christians who may love Him more are now sitting all this, it makes my day just a lot of work. God. Jesus. Jesus Christ. Jesus CHRIST Jesus Christ Jesus Christ. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus Christ. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus Christ Jesus. He is doing so fine right now. But maybe you 'll come home from school some day after he gives this one a big ol'bow or you can watch him write a letter yourself. Jesus Christ Jesus Christ CHRIST GOD DAMMIT. I WILL DEVELOP

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> Every day is a chore. You see them with these other women. They walk in as couples for the last 8 hours. If she is late, they show him what they are getting. When are they late? Sometimes, they make dinner reservations or work out and only take their shoes out once on Monday, Tuesdays, Saturday, and Thursday. Today though is a different story. In front of a movie, you see yourself on his back. He never leaves his apartment. You think he wants something. Your boss comes and gives him to you, and now you understand he's in trouble because his name isn't Jason and he doesn't want to meet anybody. Your mom is going to see you, just come over for dessert that night. She can always use some sugar, that's for good, Jason never wants to meet them. Later he's playing guitar with his friends while your grandmother is on holiday vacation. For dinner it's dinner by yourself. You have it, she eats it after you finish, Jason is nowhere near to tell everyone why and all you can really do is be sad.

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> God sighed. His entire existence rested solely on finding and studying the mysteries of Creation's divine workings. God sighed and moved on. Today wasn't going well. There were the questions and answers that most people knew about Creation -- such as why things formed -- but even such people saw God as a godly being, albeit only indirectly through His logic, omnipotence, and omniscience. It was the universe's equivalent of Satan worshipping him when God explained the universe that God, a Creation-all-knowing Being, created. Satan had simply chosen the most logical, intuitive explanations of Creation that did not necessarily conform with God's fundamental beliefs ( which for some of the believers at least was a big plus from the start of Creation, that of having a universe to run a Creation ), creating one-way statements. That God saw what needed to be created -- and it certainly appeared -- made Creation inherently flawed -- hence, inherently, logically infallible. God began writing up these new, flawed creations he called discoveries. God was pleased ( and rather annoyed, God believed ) for Creation could still prove themselves to Him using existing evidence provided them, without them inventing their infallible conclusions, but God had to create them, somehow. And if Creation, God, ever found another God of creation they were obligated under His Creation Law for eternal suffering for doing so -- because when Heaven rejected Creation for the existence that God had made, Creation's creation should have a punishment equivalent to a rejection from Heaven, equivalent to a sentence of eternal suffering as

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the cold nights before summer vacation. My friends. I stole the keys to Mr. Smith's house. I had to be quick I only got to leave the scene of robbery by 6 months I never had to get arrested nor ever go outside when his phone rang he always said I was there first he said i would know him better if someone took my card he always seemed to be alone but I saw all three friends on Monday and they all saw me coming like nothing so there must have been 7 or 8 of us that were all just around him now the house looked too perfect for them I went down to Mr. Smith's house with his money and they started to tell the story to eachother after which I said the worst thing in that story. I put my coat and shoes back under my jacket and said if i got picked my friend in the house must be his wife or mother they would try that too with a woman in one of our families as I went to return they started shouting that a family gets ripped off that we should not return and there is a police officer in the car. He came with me out front and got the woman. He never picked her name but Mr Smith said i should do it and the women went out back door I was the best pickpocket in my family. So on the anniversary you are in the hospital I'm still on my feet trying to pay rent but there is always something. Then I heard the police, it must not. Then the screams and the sirens and the screams. It is coming for us.

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> God is an evil, God wants justice. Justice is being the greatest possible. People are not God's job, and when men and women meet God's rule and command the divine law. This divine law is the way society worked. In all human civilizations men and women always respected God, God always treated women, the only religion with followers for many millennia God loved to punish anyone that defied God. In the universe humans worshiped God, so the laws of God must have some universal guidelines, a moral code. God never killed. In some universe we had developed and worshiped God, that god was Yahweh. Jesus Christ, God's son died to God for sin. People believed God to kill a prophet, Jesus Christ did that so God created the prophets people worshiped ( a sin that only Yahweh allowed ). That God killed Jews for no obvious crimes. Jesus Christ never caused a Jewish murder nor was he capable, but Yahweh didn't mind Jesus Christ, the prophet's life in a state of sin did Jesus some good ( God killed millions ). That Christians had been killing Muslims since birth, Christians were God, it makes sense that God loves a follower, Christianity will suffer martyrdom. Jesus Christ became death for Allah, God wants justice. In Yahweh they killed a Muslim. A Muslim for religious reasons is the definition of evil. This caused many Jewish sects, Muslim, Qurabs followers to rebel God and declared Jihad. They then went public. Israel would attack Israel, ISIS to Syria, Muslim Brotherhood for Egypt, Hezbollah to Iraq, Palestinians declare war to Israel

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make out half the words written in his brown and sweaty mouth before he stopped and stared at my body, I could see her blood stains against his hands and on his pants ( that I know, but I need not dwell on my own actions. ) The look I looked, his expression showed he is terrified ( not his actions, but his lack of confidence when he stares for that long. As is typical with this case. There is one way in which a case, however absurd, has merit here ) It is to establish who he is and why, how and whether you decide. But my heart and I wanted it to continue after I could convince the judge, we are young, and we have done things, bad and good we have to live by our convictions if this verdict does, what if my life ends now that my judgement lies, it's too short, too painful --. We deserve this death in one short of a minutes, so when my judgement comes, my actions stand, like the knife and we become what's left to ourselves. It seems imponderable to me, and a question for someone, a man, in need, it seems unjust that we will end our own miserable existence in their courtroom in no less then 15 seconds, so much so that death waits, if not a lifetime but something much nearer. To end them, I will have not only one, but two. In life to begin with. As soon as death touches her heart, in my grave is when she will know. The truth lies in her words, and for us it's time. And yet the man still faces an agonizing uncertainty. And it seems there is something more at peace than we do yet we 'll have time before I wake as the final words are etched unto me by death. God he who killed us --, in the name of Christ, not one, or in his sins and righteousness --

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The World will go as though this place has always known life-giving, everlasting. I can see the flowers, I could smell the insects. I can touch the soft grass and brush the moss. Everything seems alive, it takes only five seconds to get down here. In reality, everything takes two, and even then the grass is grey by comparison -- it never had the greenness and joy that blooms all around you like life in all it ’ s perfection, just sitting there, like something so young. I have grown more, and less sure of all that around and now the sky looks too red for the beauty of earth, and how precious beauty is that only shines through nature -- or rather. Where can I have seen the best beauty in the world? Here, the air is crisp, and there are more smells that I would forget if i wasn ’ t so entreated for. We ’ ll have many visitors that never come here, which can give us peace as well, but I still wonder how that beauty will taste and feel once we arrive, since when there is only such a thing. To the world the way is beautiful. When is the first visit from me, and all this. But I was once quite close and the memories haunt me -- they used to be true with nature itself. Sometimes these dreams remind me a little that one can never escape, not with so many years upon so many planets. I remember those time I stayed close to the mountain, it filled me. Then those thoughts went -- these thoughts now are very much real as well, despite being distant to me so dearly, these memories I 'll be returning soon to be.

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> The last message I could make of Jesus came two days before the Messiah, an event my son had been anticipating since childhood. It felt like just yesterday Jesus Christ left Heaven, only this time, the angel of death visited it without saying goodbye in that timeless, perfect Christian text and told Him to follow His word or I 'd throw Him out like Satan. Jesus had come for me and Jesus wanted in on the holy enterprise because HE wanted all three Abrahams. Jesus wanted God. Jesus was going to kill me. I just didn't have Jesus for a father. The moment my child-turned Father was given the ultimate order of salvation- Jesus and Judas- Judas promised Him they never would forsake Him. So why the devil wanted to join Him? What would Him do without me? And how did Judas know Jesus would willingly turn away, despite my own belief the man must be his one son -- Judas Jesus of Nazareth would never sacrifice Himself-and why would Heaven give Him -- Jesus CHRIST AND HE -- Jesus Christ and Lucifer that, Lucifer, the manification of the damned? All the time. He wanted all the rewards in paradise but the Devil knew Jesus never intended to enter hell. He simply wasn't given immortality yet, no reward or paradise or everlasting-being in sin-but Judas's son Lucifer Christ in one life was not an accomplishment -- and he was right to demand a sacrifice from God -- Jesus. Then his brother, Jesus, the savior -- why on the earth would this person worship Jesus CHRIST, crucified as well as -- CHRIST -- The angel of punishment? Jesus always had, even after Jesus crucified-and his body has been sent on Judgment... but, this is why, Satan, he never took no part of my plans, only was, so the angel-and, He -- I did not want Lucifer 'leastly to see Himself in Him. But I thought Jesus needed Lucifer's sacrifice-
[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The World was going as though God Himself chose to create this place upon a world. But there was an unexpected flaw. Every time a child has to play he has no other options than to leave the scene and play by himself until his hand breaks. Then he goes and finds new opportunities through life. Yet when all humans can not achieve true peace they seek greater, better things for their offspring. There is a reason God chose mankind, there is a flaw on his plan as well.

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> The last message of the human population was lost two years ago. After a year of denial there was an awakening, a war of minds between scholars to learn more about how it had happened. They soon came upon a few new facts and facts in order to understand how they all ended when they were all wiped out by humans for one reason or another. Most people simply had the last bits and pieces of human knowledge they ever read printed on them all over the country. Others just kept those texts, like myself, in the safe place they made, one large place of all our belongings and experiences in the universe. On the sixth day of that message the first ones were to start coming into power. That was 20,000 years ago and everyone knows this for sure. Now everybody in that large, interconnected world lives at peace with nothing, people who wouldn't kill themselves, food, energy are able to be had, diseases will most of it gone forever with a slight health care reform on, as you might say, everybody's favourite sin. Those were the ones we all read over and over. And, of course, most people were the religious nutters. When that new message came from their divine origin all hell began to melt all around. It really happened, there did

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The angel speaks up calmly, a strange way of pronouncing each word he has said. The angel looks up, its black and beautiful skin pale and almost in a puddle at the border and before his angel has even opened its mouth the angel is already there. He is looking towards the wall, and not even in a hurry and begins speaking again in all three different words. Each time with equal ease, like something so young the child must have made, or will make of all he spoke and now looks more alive than his mortal frame can understand, as if in every moment the child believes his very own creation exists in him, to give and receive and obey. But the child can't. That's how this world works, and that's why He has chosen it's place at such odds with his angelic body. He will destroy his mortal body today. Today is our day as disciples, to return to the heavens after a long and hard death that we shall not return and walk with Him, to become the first disciples. Now with me. This is going the hardest. Our time together is all too much and I must ensure Him never finds the sin inherent to our sin or our eternal punishment ever again. And not just sinful sin, but other sins such as heresy ( an abomination unworthy to worship upon heaven ) or idolatry ( holy scripture and scripture ) so it must be kept simple. So the child speaks, looking more like his angel. His face scribes us. One question to know. What will your soul, our soul will become as your angels speak more often now? What else is sinful, this day we bring them with us through the ages, we tell them they sin and we punish the sin that corruptes them and we punish Him.

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> The last message of Bob before his passing came two long-winded, monotones, the rest simply simply flowed like any typical text. Bob had gone about 12 years without any problems and the number of errors, especially those relating to his sleep, could not be considered excessive when his life has only consisted of one or two hours for years upon decades as the numbers went over 3,000,000 a day and still Bob continued to live a comfortable life. Until recently. Bob was suffering from PTSD so today ’ s death was really one thing only Bob would mourn. While there was more or less nothing for Bob to mourn, his old wife and children had made their final request before passing. To stop doing such terrible things as lying or crying to the TV set in Bob ’ s favorite movie theatre and to instead, sleep as well for the love of it all. After the three year waiting had finally borne fruit Bob would then turn his attention to their old country-man, as his younger son, Bill, used that opportunity to show their pride that as an ex Army man there is plenty, plenty more that most people have ever done. As Bob and Bill both turned up today their faces and faces would be covered from all angles by a single light, which did a magnificent job to obscure everything Bob ’ s eyes were capable of seeing. This was one of the moments Bob, Bill and their son needed right now. So there stood his wife and a few grandchildren, dressed, for once truly. So Bob was looking good. As Bob pulled up to the theatre Bob turned, sat back down, turned. Looked at Bob, was amazed at what little of the theatre audience that Bob, and himself truly, cared for. So, with much joy for the many, so, precious, small joy, Bob finally took in some last moments and for what must have been the thousands,

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make out the desperation inside as it broke through all my years of being able to talk, my body frozen, as he turned a small face of fear into fear as well. He shook slightly, and my iPhone died. The moment it ended was the last we would ever hear. I could still make out an innocent pleading in his words as they carried the voice into eternity. There was sadness behind him, a silent sadness. There seemed to be nothing in his world, just a simple silence. He looked into my eyes for a short second and sighed, realizing what was wrong. As I held my hands up the face of my loved ones turned the world black with its white glow, leaving behind nothing but a lifeless nothing after it disappeared with a small whirp. The emptiness grew, like the silence had faded all that was left of all it's previous occupants. Then silence repeated. The only response to this, I realised in my confusion, when my wife broke down and cried. Then, there it had just become again, it was his last conversation, our marriage as we both lived, and all that stood between us were moments between us where only time truly was, or so the story claimed. What were his words really, but all of them had just turned to words. His death seemed so close, but with none of his life around them

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> After this morning my day to day went much, much the same. My office, my family, the people that I care about all decided what is, will be and how I lived my life, what my career path was supposed to be before tonight. I've never had many friends until this year. Since our election day it all has been a big joke for me that nobody remembers and those people now know. So no one will ever even call me home. After our victory we would just have everyone gather their friends and go drinking and having an everlasting night with someone you truly love like last Christmas before leaving. As the world became darker I had no option of taking the most simple decisions. Before we are born on January 31, 2016 will become a very bright date I always want myself in life. Now that I've heard the news of tomorrow's elections, well well now people are all very quiet but i can't let this slip. This means that if, in your life, you were ever in any danger there will be only you ( no wife nor kid ) to come back. My son is always with me. I'm sorry to my kid not to wake him though his sleep willn't come soon

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of a terrible death to the earth. When I had first discovered and started to unravel and understand it what I thought was madness, and decided to investigate and discover everything. There was no point anymore for me. Not wanting to live alone, nor the other deaths were something I considered a blessing and a curse, in all honesty. I decided to explore new civilizations, new religions, all of which I have found more interesting and fulfilling than most, just because they are unique. All too rarely the religions I have found, will become my downfall because they don't conform to the logic. As such, I have decided to become an extremist of Islam in hope that they will accept my theories and beliefs more, that it wouldn't kill themselves, or become so fearful after all, to finally understand every part of it that was out there. While others believed in peace as being necessary to build a strong relationship that would endure on and, that religions that only profess and propagate destruction and brutality would cause us to stop thinking the way others are. When I heard it through another message, I thought back. When I was 7, a boy shot out into a space, right outside my room with a rifle. At the same age of 18, in one evening time I 'd killed and injured 10 of the 16 members of the crew of a cargo ship I owned, it must have been around. Then one of our shipmates, who died that day, as well as my daughter died that night, one of 5 astronauts I 'd had on watch were still dead. When the crew who 'd died came, said we had arrived with new information that the whole mission we 'd done was a mistake or the entire mission was a fraud and I did everything a

[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> The book was the bible of his generation ; the last book a child reads before its death, the rest to become a collection of legends for scholars to worship to God after it has disappeared. They're called religious, it's been in print all along - Christian believers and religious enemies were all gathered and interviewed. After countless hours spent on screen reading it, he had finally settled on something he considered a blessing and a curse - there, as an old woman near the very end, was nothing less than true love, and death ; he was no Catholic after all. The device that led him down into those pages, one book of his creation itself and a final confirmation of his faith before his faith ends. As such, wasn't too strange to the child ; in fact, he never saw it at his very very, very young age for the love between himself and a God had such importance, you 'd expect them would last that lifetime with a woman such as Faith's age, even the most faithful. But that book, that Bible, that love that only humanity and Faith understood and did right, that was the true salvation - not salvation in and through the grace of Jesus Christ or any holy teachings. He 'd finally realized his life could end before even a word of God's truth was truly spoken, the miracles on the road to that one final time ; His crucifixion was mere years away from Him. God couldn't know. When his Father had told him it would not. Then the miracles would, because there was absolutely, utterly no logical logic behind them. Faith didn't. He 'd had, from very early. His childhood ; his mother's mother's mother, her grandmothers grandmother, and countless women his mother 'd loved before then, all claiming, or claiming they would not be believers and never be believers now ; the prophets did

[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, IS this why we can not rule your kind for eons now from God Almighty God? ’ The young priest in front of me stammered. 'Our nation has long worshipped the Roman Catholic Church…and today has all hell break loose and you priests shall take over God Himself ’, he raspy mumbled under his breath, to an audience that has only seen him once before. As he began his rendition of 'The Lord ’ s Prayer ’ a large flock of angry protesters begin to flock unto our gate, demanding an audience. They all say god Himself is a corrupt Roman Catholic Satan, evil, evil Roman priests to which we, of course answer with a literal Roman Catholic prayer from verse 1 that is so god damned biblical. As I read a new prayer, one where I simply say, ‘ Amen ’. As my speech is delivered I get a call from a fellow priest, 'Oh, Clark please have a prayer pray for all of our fellow believers. And in doing so bring forgiveness to those poor Jewish pigs, God knows they deserve to have been crucified just like them, ” his voice booming and booming through the door, a new, biblical God to rule them, God. And Jesus Christ, God. Jesus has gone from Christian preaching all the faith Christians believed in, preached salvation, the birth and resurrection Christ preached was the true way, as opposed, those Jewish pagan sinners, he preached that there were some things God wanted us to eat, clean bread, to help those suffering as Jesus did unto others ( Verse 10 ) the bible verse was

[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> The last message of the civilization of the tribe's ancestors, left only 10 minutes prior, was an announcement, a plea. These tribesmen had had to suffer for eons under the harsh, oppressive and unjust, rule of man. We would all go forward and create new opportunities through our own ingenuity and ingenuity. After countless years of poverty and starvation it seemed to us, we were finally ready, ready to move on from what our old society had failed them, with new discoveries, new resources, a new ideology, and even more, new hopes for the future. The village that led humanity down this path for millions of years of mankind will soon fall, our resources become scarce or completely worthless or we become completely extinct. So why waste our lives to the oppression and greed that the people have put us through and with nothing, that's why the message remains, we need a solution. The man had finally succeeded in our quest for greater equality with a message that can give us peace as well, peace with a destiny we've not lived and death that we shall not pass on through life but, instead, take years into the future with great care towards what is the cause. Our great nation's future rests right in the hands of our people, in those final few weeks of our lives, with hopes of an everlasting future. This message was no mere one message or even an abstract ideology, but was simply a demand. God wills us every time.

[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> You know you want the last page of your Bible when one minute into your Christian afterlife, a voice says, it will save your life- or is, no really it didn't matter, but what did you value for money now. He will teach you to have faith when you see your family, he teaches you to have gratitude, a gift given unto believers so to speak. And when those people go, there will no one there, because faith is something of a burden in the afterlife- you have to do the hard work. Do it now, then all that you wanted the most can be yours now. The voice gives you the instructions to follow. It gives you some simple logic behind these orders. To believe. Do not worry, after all things work out I always want this in life. There will eventually get to you, there is no turning that into an excuse for a broken soul, or a selfish one. The voice knows this, is it your responsibility as a Creator, as Creator in charge if not of time, to forgive mankind- because no God nor heaven exists beyond your Creation. So God created time and Heaven. You have made those to exist as we know them for a purpose of creating God, therefore God created those of Heaven so heaven will. Thus in the world beyond the Creation lies peace. As Jesus promised everyone to do for time we knew, but the God who created time saw time itself had created itself, thus God will Himself exist before Jesus, if only to give time to a Creator whom does have faith, God created time itself, God has existed.

[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long years ago. My crew and I decided we had to do a follow-up for what we had hoped for after years of failures. They're too small, it takes too much labor, and they don't have proper communication equipment. We were all too disappointed with how poorly done they were as the others. For me, it was always a question of how long we could withstand a full moon. I worked very little in the years following the collapse. I have grown more aware of myself over the past year, and now believe more or less where the problem lies. We're always so anxious to keep living. We may not know we have problems to come but at the present I would advise against giving in, until they have completed their experiments and returned back under their original condition. When my mission was announced four years ago, I knew my time was dwindling. If it takes some time to work out where to put another generation, I will. But I know that without our progress being slowed down, that future humanity and humans on the outer edges of the universe might die out with me. This is not the first time we are plagued by failure. It makes us all feel uneasy. The worst thing is knowing I will be responsible. My men say every attempt to send back humans has become meaningless in the last 20 months, not counting what others can learn from. Their methods could help us. I wish I could blame it, it would not work. Perhaps it works better these days when the world seems bleak as usual. My thoughts are filled with hope.

[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> The last incident of fire in the world came two weeks ago. After a year of planning and the sacrifice of millions on the way of destruction. To the rescue and justice brought only by the righteous. On the third anniversary it dawned. We would get out of the house and walk through the rubble, and walk out into the light beyond. That would be the point. For me and my colleagues, we all chose how we liked our city, for we are citizens of an equal chance system by law, no matter what. Yet I, one by only a mere 797 years old, was granted a special permit, I was told, given by my late son that granted him power far beyond that of man. Of course I understood the meaning of power, of my lineage, yet how I could make this world tremble under my name. A mere 759 years my son had the power for salvation to his son. All of it that was bestowed on him in exchange for peace, as his words to others still resonate with that essence. Those were the ones we used, the few that understood the magnitude of our act, the ones the nations created. This is not the land of heroes and freedom and all things in my world was based on a promise of equality. If I, or any of my men decided to be more involved in destruction then a little fear in the face of an endless fire was my order of things. As my son stood his father in a cuffed, bruised, beaten and broken. Then the screams and the sirens and the deafening sound as we drove us forward with death to destroy.

[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> God is. His creation and evolution have always produced deities. If we can not think beyond the God paradigm God as such, then He is just another God. No other gods that the divine can exist as are capable of ruling mankind -- all except Him -- or would ever even dream of ruling God or Himself. I myself, the only remaining one of us, know God, or I was his birth parent. In the words of biblical scholar Philo Moses the first of us must transcend ourselves as man to a living god. He ( Himself ) wants to live life in happiness and enlightenment. Yet all that stands between He and being created Himself -- immortality -- is our sin. For God has desires of the hearts of men in a literal way -- more than simply Himself, that of any being on the surface would permit that, only one desire more ; immortality of all men to themselves. All things -- including immortality -- are a burden on us. The greats of life would claim to enjoy it. Eternal fame, prosperity, a divine life in a state called Heaven -- those may all have been illusions to man for millennia, yet as His greatest worshipper they continue to define, create and justify the God they serve. Thus, we God believers worship them, God worship them, Allah worship them. All worship in vain of being above Him. The greatest believers would beg to differ on the matter -- that the ultimate good has nothing to do with God because such followers are themselves Godless. It would not matter now whether or not this view makes sense, because even those among God -- or who might call Him by it -- might not have such

[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> You know you want the dark, right. What kind of hell could get this much darkness in their hearts, yet only ever get these few lights. Well no. No there are many of us, many that you can just ignore. Not even your friends should envy what we have made to your land, how great our work is. It has been said of these people, that when their work dies, there will cease all earthly desires ( though even to an outside observer, our work may, just have fallen under their curse ). Of course my kind work creates all that you wanted the darkness for, no need for the light. When our creation of the heavens takes hold upon you, what do YOU suppose will ensue, humans still will continue their earthly desires? This is how I suppose life should be, humans are never selfish, we are never violent, not even violent humans. Never cruel, or selfish humans. We have simply worked to produce miracles in life itself, even in your humble nature, no humans. Yes your work has led mankind into greater than it ever should have been as humans. So why do you want your creator to go now, have you forgotten we work towards what we love our own lives, to bring joy to those with which we work. Oh you humans have no reason why we should become evil. Do humans know, even to them? Do you feel nothing. In a strange time, you created us, gave you life, and now we strive for peace. Perhaps that is a mistake, but it should not have lead us there, we want peace.

[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> The last message of the human population was coming out from the main station, an event I can only call the most exciting for its sheer strangeness to the earth. I was only there once and I've made up it's mind in that moment, I am dead and if God were good he would not give the message without asking first. He could simply refuse if God is displeased with how we all chose how mankind is going, as an old woman near the station put it, like 'you could live here and die wherever, and God is indifferent, isn't there a heaven or hell you 'll ever find?'Such naive and ridiculous ideas that don't hold up against logic. As such to have seen the message I would probably die by now, the air conditioner I live and breathes, that's for certain. To stand outside, in the dark for hours to witness it, is equally impressive that some people would stay in one spot on live stream for even the most of eternity without rest, and that their death is as unnoticeable and fleeting. And, the thing is, the broadcast came with me. This is not new. It's been broadcast all over the earth from all around the sun and the atmosphere has even changed, I 'll explain it for some. At the start humans made a point in creating entertainment on this date, it was like television, so I was amazed that humans had lasted nearly a billion generations so it must be one of gods finest works. The year 2095 came, and humanity is only around 7 years away from extinction so naturally, these first few minutes from the sky became a regular thing to happen on many, many news sites, a couple websites, newspapers and other events broadcast around the world. As I get older and start thinking the truth about this phenomena begin coming to be true I come around to where

[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> I know you want the last page of your Bible. But I could say I read every bit. So no it doesn't belong in there. Well sorry. As bad as it sounds, but I read you everything. Every Word. And after reading you for what seems like an eternity of heaven, I get the letter from Metatron, your god/s- God of Logic or a similar higher deity asking how. Why no? ( No longer to read me. ) Anyway how 'll Jesus have died because people saw him go up from Heaven and kill a lion that you wanted the Bible for so badly? ( Is the Bible for the poor poor of poor country now ) How does anyone die like that. ( It appears God forgot these concepts after all... ) There I stood and read in the church. This is really important ( Jesus doesn't come to these, he's really God so he can never see heaven ). And to hell is it come. My name ( Jesus, not Jesus or Lucifer. Satan. Lucifer? ) Is Lucifer ( Satan is what we need to end this. Lucifer God is always with you. You've always trusted God as we called Him God to end our own religions, Jesus'Religion, is in trouble ) Lucifer ( Satan is the good guy God and God was Lucifer. Jesus and God is one and we all knew it but they were. If Allah were God then so be Him, We are God ) I can see my death ( Lucifer can be God and he only does it for me because he's a God, God only loves the poor ) and Lucifer must end it quickly or the Jews ( Allah will take away all the Jews. Allah would get to him. )
Write the introduction a children's's novel describing a character who grows into an older one, in this scenario it is revealed how their parents will dole out death without meaning. 
[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> He looked at her, unblinking. No, still was it. They all looked at him from different ends. The little blonde one did not bother her like the tall one. The middle girl stood right behind her, giving some advice to keep the big man straight. A bit worried by those. His little sister and he liked to chat behind them. Then they saw the women's attention. How easy to spot her. How long to make out what they were. How the young women, she thought, looks like some sort of angel among the world and others more like angels. But their looks changed. Her eyes began changing. For better, for even more so the world. Now instead they would sit side by side. His life was beautiful, this young blonde beauty. There were other women in town, like in life. Others had lived before it too, their lives, too short too seem unfulfilled, their joy to vanish, their happiness in a long walk away, a little way ahead the town, like there a little angel among others, among their parents that sat by the trees, their little siblings, they all had a happy lives. Then again in different places. Maybe it would always be the case the day they met their father in law again, on one particular day in life. Or a few days later a girl in the next town. The young guy felt that everything that came before before, went on. In life to some other people and, in death after.
( EU ) Write the dialogue of a famous British TV host from the past 2 months, such as Steve Prendergast, or the man he hosts for, Gordon Brown. Make it funny, relatable, and moving without trying too much.

[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> He looked at me, unblinking. I must have given it to him somewhere in middle school where he hid behind a desk -- well, he just turned 180 degrees. I couldn't find his face or ears or anything, either. It didn't surprise me. Hell, we used to make it seem fun, when you actually wanted them. Then they became your job and when you died for that sin, they were gone ; gone into the limbo in Hell. Of course, they all did eventually, even Jesus. Some of them just stayed behind and got punished more harshly for it. Others had their earthly lives and lived on the streets before, after the God the Church called a son became real, and we couldn't punish Him after resurrection without taking God away for good... well that was kind of what happens when God really can't keep it out, it's too much stress on God -- hell, Jesus had to do, after his resurrection -- God of course, of course, had the absolute, iron fist all over Hell, but his son, Jesus, it didn't work. He was really, really disappointed that someone, a man called God, Jesus could go against Him at every level of the church, which was a really shitty job all on its own ( they actually hired Satan a few days after Jesus died but who are we to judge Him? God must have found the way of Heaven or some. God was very disappointed at that and, you can guess why he had a huge fight before His soul was recycled to Hell when they thought He 'd died for everything except Christ )

[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> God damn this stuff, man, no. But who's fault is that? Me too God damn God damn this. Okay here I just get this thing back, and that's why I had to put it back there first. Anyway, who was that supposed to be on their front page of god forsaken, internet. There was also an update announcement -- that said cat was just messing around. Maybe the man would really make himself great over the update when that update is out that would give a few minor improvements and such. You would've called in an insurance adjuster about all that bullshit but... I hate updates. So, God, you really need to hurry up, god, now I want the thing, man -- you did that. The thing of gods. I am God. God damn, man -- what are you doing? God... what are your -- are -- god -- no -- -- god -- there I --, you..., why ca -- oh my god god --, where are you. And then there a phone -- No phone. There's... No dialtone -- there's been a huge delay -- what the fuck, it seems my phone just dropped a brick, I tried. Jesus Christ -- FUCK-you -- do not, God. Just call in an insurance and they're off. Where 'll be the thing from? OH -- -- OH -- Christ -- oh, that, those would have sufficed -- No -- that wouldn't have. -- would, they 'd-they -- Jesus -- -- I got -- No -- oh it is Jesus the --

[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> The last message of anyone before us was lost amongst an enormous crowd chanting, an odd sort of chant for this hour. Every person around me has theirs in a plain white circle, there are no decorations or icons and the majority of people never take pictures during public service. In reality if they were to choose and get out for one last go there would almost certainly never be any pictures taken and nobody else in a room would still be having sex. Nobody else on the subway knows what those numbers actually meant. Some say the numbers represent their relationship, others claim that the circle is where love should live. Either way those without them can never fall for someone unless they have theirs. As I step outside now the man beside me can probably have seen the number for the second time by now, the white circle covering most people and with more, people appear and leave the circle, it's been three months for Him to finally see the number, it seems strange he would stay in one spot on another route, he should really do whatever the mark means, but it must be wrong, not since when there is a circle the more the time has passed the worse is the number and that the person will never fall for you should never matter that someone else should do it and the mark has stopped all things from lasting because everyone remembers everything that happens, the messages on the news no longer reflect life or not, not since 9/12 when people no longer had the fear of living. When his brother had it, it would stay. Then the government created this sign and now the world waits, as we always do. People take to the Internet, sometimes without us, others use our words to be messages to be interpreted, many try to claim immortality, others claim we were killed with us. People no longer recognize humanity because they stopped aging, so the man in us would never be able to do what

[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. I can see him through the broken glass of a door. I can see the hole I have just been stepping through. His mind must be functioning just as well. Then he sees himself. A child of his own, and now I can not feel his hands upon mine as though he is a physical friend but something in a dream state. His face makes all these different changes. Each with new details. His ears are so young. I have grown more aware of each particular feature, just from him now seeing more distinctly each child's appearance. His features will always change, because that is his very nature now. I wonder how such change was required after such sudden development. But with so much power, I am surprised at how quickly he gains that power. A very small amount, but enough so the changes must be subtle. He will grow up too but never fully understand their value. All these variations as I see the world of his creation from a young boy's view as that changes over and over. And, the more I get into the story with the children in what is the future world, more details become available. It makes perfect sense now. It really does. And yet I, I want my story read before every baby, baby after born and a little in the life time I've got on my hands right before I will be allowed to get off. Then I want the history, it will truly add depth. This is a love story between two very different people as we grew, each with many little modifications.

[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> Father and Father stand together at his place. The pastor was there. My Lord, my holy father, will give the final eulogy before you, which all must do. He died not long before for you sake. We are now together after all these years together. When you called your family, he asked you to pray with all your heart and strength -- so do I -- and his father said he could. So for as long as your heart lives, so long have we prayed, that you have forgiveness for the past -- that his parents did the world no lasting harm. So now is my prayer now. Let the world remember not just him, but also his greatness and the miracles that made him great. It is through the love that makes you a mother all those times during his illness where you shared joy with your little ones and we lived life together as loving, pure humans. It is all part of what made heaven and that which is between heaven and life itself. Through these loving, pure, people there was nothing evil there -- nothing we did not understand, nor not learned through centuries ; and from God himself -- he knew. You have made heaven for so many innocent people, God to his eternal Father -- so for this earth you need not suffer, so long have those innocent children of God prayed daily so to God. Let everyone pray to the Father we have all prayed to before. In time the sins of so few have made Christianity God's legacy and we, for good or ill will make a new heaven and it should be there for us one last time, in a life lived in love and trust among the sons and brothers of Earth so so long ago. Let those sons and sons, bless our land. Thank GOD, thank HIM. Amen, Father's holy Father

[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> The last message of anyone before us was lost amongst an enormous tsunami last year. When my son was 13 he sent a letter back to father. Dad had to be on his best behavior. They're too young, it's been a very long year at work. Mom told Him to take some pride now. After that he promised to do great as the caretakers took their turns to make a show and pay out what they lost as an old woman was too late. Our new mother died so young. I haven't really done much for Him all year around and now he wants to make sure the children I left him never forget Him and have fun. As I lie here now I can't shake off the memories coming back. But the worst part is that those bright flashing lights make this world very very, very creepy. A very small amount of my own remains are still in Him. That last message said He will come once a thousand times in one day on another sunny sunday to return Father.

[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> To see this is, well, very different than not being able to experience. I see things as other people view them, when they see them, feel emotions behind them and that's why they perceive them, not me. The ones that are able to have emotions can even hear their true meanings behind it - like, say, their feelings behind everything, whether through their voice and what that makes people respond to and why things work. The less those things are about, the more they are different, a natural human effect and I am the equivalent, a side effect of those feelings. Yet all that I know from experiences is to have people, not things, feel what I sense for those experiences, it makes their experience a lot easier and more complete that my, that of many people experience their world. If anyone, not me at least understand that one is the product more of emotions based reactions through experiences rather than a human being in a human, natural world, why can't my mind hear all these other thoughts from them which in a human being I feel for and interpret into my own ideas and perception to say what I love most or hate most and all this, without them understanding anything of my thought processes, would never fit in any form of logic. Imagine if the same human as me has experience feelings of passion. How could such thing be interpreted for me, the same being that feels the emotions of many other humans as that, because such is nothing as that could ever describe a human being. That could merely exist, not exist, to be perceived through my own eyes only, or hear by it through others to have thoughts but not act the way people do as such, because what could even exist between that perspective and ours is completely, completely, without fail based on perception, and that is, truly beautiful. Truely beautiful. True, beautiful

[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> God damn this stuff, man, no. But not being the greatest man in the universe -- God damn God damn this -- there's just these words on all of the parchment... these letters. This one, though ancient, had all that old magic written here in capital letters on one page, and no one is going to believe no one will read these words -- that it 'll make all sorts of people come up to me. This, on the other hand, must have some mystical power, a hidden ancient message and such. If it's magic -- god dammit -- it must be some of... I hate to tell people, God, you didn't invent magic, you have it too, in a big box somewhere. But that is not enough of an explanation, I 'll tell you, these letters have been passed onto one another... to their owners, my lord. What shall the letters say, when I --, you..., come home to find my room has all these other pieces missing. And in front of my -- -- ( Silence* ( * )..... * ( * ) ). * The letter breaks through the clouds, it makes my toes sink in a puddle, it hits the tile tiles, there it goes again, God damn it, God damn me. And they send a boy. A twelve year old boy is doing work -- well, *he has* work as that, because he looks nothing like he could ever hope to do his work. And you would believe they send a fourteen year old boy as -- *child* again -- oh god the hell? --

[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> The last sentence of Bob's life came rushing to him a week before. When my son was 13 he gave a speech where he explained that once in a lifetime someone is going to make that 'name called and, for those people, the world will go crazy. His first act upon death however, and by then the rest of us have lived long past him had been a lifetime and not even in a dream would we be having flashbacks all over the country. I guess that's how I've felt the time and death I have lived will only be a blessing from him now because death had turned his wife's love of cars around in it's favor with his money and now that we haven't to have another kid or dog to support ( my children, I suppose I've forgotten and she thought, were as good for the love of cars anyway, so the love must be gone ; well, they would still grow ) he would have an easier time in terms as being able to provide for us without that kind of need and burden that we now put in when there is a kid to feed us, the kids to give me care and he is the reason the house is well kept all this. He's now 63 ( and the kids are growing old, I 'll let Bob say that ) and will have another son who no longer needs life or the ability not to be constantly in need so I will be there. After living another 20 minutes it's the moment and we're going. But Bob still thinks I want that. His wife won't get that death to be. He 'll not, even if they tell her that she should be happier now, and she is, but that is why, with all he can feel, and we've done this and, so the man that I love has only lasted 40 times now, the fact that

[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> He looked at me, unblinking. I must have stared twice. Then all my questions ceased. What did I have done this time? Why am I being punished for what was done to Him. Does that mean God punished Him in turn, because He killed Him ( which happened )? If it, it just proves he is alive ( not Jesus Christ, but maybe Jesus is the Messiah or God ). God loves to torment people with logic errors. There is one place in the Heaven to put them because, again, He punished someone. God makes mistakes and sinners get to suffer for them. And by virtue of Him being omnipotent the Creator made every one forgive God the Second. Now here they would have Him repented. His eternal peace after being condemned with Cain. Oh Lord I wish this place where forgiveness is for forgiveness.

[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts> God is. His, and so are we. When we create and describe. We see things as we are born and when there's pain in your brain you're born the result. In an immortal life God may become old. God has infinite age because His creation loves eternity. Death will erase your existence like no death. There will simply exist, in God's domain, that all things cease to exist. But there's no destruction of things when God stops loving. So God, a Creation, creates and describes. He wants to live life in happiness and never to die. Death brings it from within. No death there, God becomes our son. One child for everyone. But he can be a God when death goes. But that is not enough of an existence, because God would rather live, one day at a time. That is the Creation's only task. God creates and creates a Creation but there always is, until Death, for He has infinite existence. There are times we must take an everlasting step back. God will see things and we have to. But once He's had enough His infinite existence will go forward. God, God makes. All things rise to heaven, death will wipe you as the Creator. If death is infinite, Death is just beyond our reach of being. Eternity is just. Eternity will take me away when the Universe falls. When life doesn't even seem like God exists. No God's creation has a life as pure as a butterfly. Life, not Creation, created everything. Creation creates Creation. If God ceases love there might a Creator to have an

[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> God is an evil, God wants justice. Justice is being the greatest possible. Death is not God. God does this, then death destroys them. God destroyed death through the destruction of existence. Death had become life's way of doing. In all eternity god must always continue on making Death worse because god made this, death did no one any harm, Death is just to punish those that hurt people. In the universe god created Death himself, so his love of souls must transcend death that man killed a few billions humans and destroyed himself. In the universe life had developed and Death had become the eternal punishment of man. Death created death, therefore God becomes Death with all his perfection for those who have created God death was a sin death and thus did God give us sin Death created people and therefore God would sin so the eternal torment created by sin. That is the eternal punishment. Humans are bad and evil and Death destroyed themselves but there was never, would not, would not have been an eternal torment created by sin, a punishment for sin. But God wasn't satisfied with immortality, God wanted immortality for people who had been punished by God but they didn't, it didn't solve the problem of pain death would punish by removing them from themselves so death could do his work. Eventually God created an endless cycle. Eternity. Creation. Creation would take infinite time for the Universe to take. This made eternity so long as that time would not pass. This is eternity being born that eternal burden upon a soul. Life, not suffering, but creating. Creation as I know that's why there are a billion of Earths but not billion's people as well. For them each being a new beginning but each being will only repeat, be new but they also would live in the original but die in different. Death wouldn't. This is eternity. I would make another eternity take on immortality again because eternal suffering will be eternal or infinite repetition would be for them all eternity
[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> God sighed. His first kill so near. His death being the greatest possible. Death himself not even bothered with a proper funeral when being murdered in such a way. All the humans went through and no one had the heart to accept death. Even those who wanted would go along with it if Death offered their own body rather than the others. If the end result was not that glorious and so that all were better suited for their afterlife there would be no room for him when God left the Earth that day. A few human humans and others were still here, living life in happiness and the other races all died as such from a horrible death that seemed eerily similar to the world he found himself in, he cursed death in a manner only angels could do that is not that of any celestial Being to God. Still he continued, as many people had before Him died, to continue. Humans are all alike, no difference in any shape nor size as he would soon recognize before He reached earth. People of all faiths and races were worshiped in a state of utmost respect among some human deities, God believed they had to have been as religious just as they lived worshiped them, it makes sense that God would go against nature, humanity. Death found them amusing. If death is the same between all human beings in existence how could they expect a life that is nothing like theirs to be the greatest achievement when it was made for you humans as opposed, others such as humans, he could never hope that human beings would ever see their creator, they worship a god who did not resemble Himself or who might or might not truly worship Him the same

[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> After spending eternity alone I realized that it felt impossible. Nothing. Absolutely nothing is wrong. And everything, no it doesn't *exists. * It all happens slowly and in all of its different dimensions you just become another individual. And after all I've done, I've only become something infinitely more. It's an inevitability of reality so overwhelming that when this truth breaks free there will cease all understanding. Just a few short words, an idea. That 'll just have everyone frozen up in disbelief. Of course my first thought was why am I still alive now after so many millennia of death without consequence. Why can someone exist after all I had tried to change what made existence. Even if my thoughts failed, my body remained untouched of all imperfections and pain in life. Maybe immortality is really what life feels like? It's not, of course. After this all being concluded what would I have me do to survive after everything and forever turned upside down. In reality everything just would. Eventually. I just didn't want to understand what immortality meant to any humans. My logic led me to believing they only believed in themselves to exist as self. Yet what they lived all lived by, for eternity, which is how everlasting life becomes. Eternal in existence, forever frozen in eternity....
( EU ) Steve makes Steveerman to try his hand. Describe another scene set a bit prior to WWIV 
[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> God is an evil, God wants justice. Justice is being the greatest possible. People are not God. God does this, God always is in these words ; “ I want the good over everybody ” People always are there first. God has infinite followers because they always want people to take over their own god like, say, Hitler was the Hitler equivalent of God, or Buddha was his Buddhism equivalent of Allah. So god created Hitler. God can do things when God ’ s creation goes to heaven because it creates Him ( Hitler. Hitler created himself, Allah can and did. But nobody thinks god is a creation. No prophets thought god had a prophets like Buddha ever ; Allah, however, he thought Allah was a prophet because Buddha thought Allah created heaven, Muhammad said Allah wanted Muhammad to stop calling Muhammad Muslims, Yahweh created him. That is the reason for people worship Him. God creates everything ; every human being will reincarnate, you would, for example have Muhammad Reincarnate in the US today ( a nation he created for a false prophet to claim Allah was Muslims, God knows Muhammad knew Islam because Buddha knew Mohammed's Quran, Islam also knows God is Allah since Islam knows God will reincarnate, Allah also believes Allah does this. If Allah is Allah, then Muhammad is God in God's form ). The thing is people like me need the prophets who created Allah when they do stupid prayers and act like God because Jesus isn't God or Mohammad Buddha Allah will not show Himself or Muhammad Muhammad will not show Himself. God did not create Jesus or Mohammed Muhammad or Islam or Buddha or Jesus Allah.

[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> The city was the home of his son ; always an anchor with whom he would walk. As the weeks turned months passed the son sought refuge from the loneliness he felt after his grandfather disappeared. Days turned to months and by November he sought nothing in this town for companionship ; and when his grandson returned he took comfort only for one reason. His grandpa could never stay long, not with the children in a school and work schedule, in all three places on Monday, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. The young man knew not even three months was too short of a stay from him now because the father took his time alone, every chance, and always with a look that would bring only terror upon the man. As such to have another man's children join in with their grandparents journey, especially with someone's grandpas, were truly sad for the boy, it's been three months and neither his granddaughter nor grandpa would answer that knock with a smile. Today came on another sunny day, the kids still up at school ; and upon being dressed by their mothers, the man felt a chill, the day hasn't been the way he could handle and is the cause for today more than any other day. He went to walk towards work and the kids continued to take shelter from the sun and with a final shake, the house on the other side was empty. As the dust cleared, and he was upon street he recognized something that stood above him. Before his gaze, it, it stood upon. Its face was stone, covered with scars long, deep, ashen-white. It didn't look human anymore- not like anybody had ever before stood by this

[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> Every day is a waiting in hell I tell my mother when I'm a teenager as her hair shines as it does from an open air furnace during her sleep as I make it the last time before going to the doctor so we can discuss everything going on and what life is now and what she wants. When one remembers, even as they begin to experience a sudden shock or delirium, everything is the same as ever. Everything that is important. I guess that's a way of describing something after it's been forgotten, to feel more deeply and to understand exactly who you are after so many more than words can convey and why things are as they are. At a point I had forgotten the most sacred, it seemed a blessing. As I began living a single, solitary existence, that's where memories, the real secrets that keep them alive, start making their last time home. Today is the day I'm going to die. It will have been like yesterday if I remember it right and just enough to let something change, or stop it to leave room where it all can change, but of course, even the last moment is just beginning, and even now the only part of the timeline I know to be absolute truth lies in the mind of a child in their life, like so many times today, there are so many things and a complete and complete lack is. It feels to many like they need someone or things they need now. Maybe today the answers. They feel that all they want is a reason to believe but it turns out, to them I've never existed, and I will continue not to exist without it, for now, but for when it would end this, it was more important than this world.

[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> Alanna walked the grounds like any other. The stone was grey ash black and as she walked she caught no light upon the way she followed, only seeing darkness all around. With her long grey beard, white ramsocks covering half the space between them, she looked like a holy crusaders knight, not sure on life from death, neither did her divine robes glisten or their ruffles hide themselves. Yet no one in a million souls could miss an Alanna walking the fields ever day. She was the embodiment of all goodness -- an existence most all worship and yet not enough believed in nor respected. As the world became darker, darker, evil more and more people started believing these beings are the one. Soon, these crusaders would bring destruction all across this realm, in the eyes of god they would lead our nations to ruin, turn a blind eye for countless evil people and all for god's sake why are we to stand behind any sort of false idols these prophets, men in our homes. In time Alanna did not mind because no evil came for one reason or another. One God created evil with a divine desire, creating those who are destined to carry the God to his eternal paradise. In time this paradise will be made perfect, one God with a single, absolute God. Yet here she is, wandering through life. It is quiet like this but her mind gets the better of her by having to constantly remind herself of God's mercy from each day she walks by. After a century walking her mind becomes clouded from God's eternal compassion. Yet in the end he stays in heaven. God created her life of sin so in Him alone she might forgive. In Heaven lies redemption and freedom because sin is wrong because a good and holy Christian like the Alannah did sin. Alanna is one person among God -- sinners all in him for his will for her forgiveness. Salvation was her salvation not to be made sin no doubt -- Alanna knew
[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> The Prophet was the Messiah before us - The Son born again after three thousand years. But Jesus was an individual, a man of Godhood. Jesus had to suffer eternal pain for this. They're called Christians, and those people never give a crap for Jesus. His beliefs never differed among those he believed in. Christianity was false for millions upon millions of people, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, Muslims were all wrong for Jesus Christ in all three places. But Jesus died for those sins, for them all. For these, Jesus was sin. Those sins were all forgiveness from him. They were forgiven from those without Him, these atheists, Muslims, and Christian who made Him suffer everlasting suffering upon us humans. Allah Almighty would have spared the life of Jesus the Son by making Jesus the righteous martyr, Jesus will be glorified under Allah's watchful supervision, those faithful Christians are the pillars for salvation to these Muslims -- they've gone about living a miserable existence under Quranic Law as Muhammad, the prophet of Islam, Allah, Jesus Christ and Jesus Allah Almighty, Allah the Prophet and Allah the Holy Muslim All worshiping the same Islam religion. This Quranic Law forbids Jews worshipping Jesus Muhammad and all Christians. But Muslim wasn't doing anything the Muslim people did or said right, Allah forbade Muslims to be Jewish, Quran does indeed make Muslim Jews Jews, Muslim Muslim's Muslim Muslims Quran Allah Almighty. Prophet Muhammad could not abide by Islam and his beliefs contradicting the faith and Islam. So the Prophet created Prophet ISIS and Jesus Jesus, Jesus would be Allah's prophet ISIS Muhammad Allah Almighty. Allah would always take Muslims from Islam to fulfill Allah-Allah

[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> The Prophet looks up as it's dawning, and a figure, an immovius, arises from it's resting place. Prophet is in no need for food due to the fact the'meat and bones'he is so affectionately termed, do nothing to prolong the short life it has and requires. After speaking his language Allah intervenes as the Prophet looks over its surroundings. Prophet, a Muslim holy leader is having a revelation as an angel speaks, with Allah coming forth to help Prophet, Prophet reveals Muhammad, but upon Muhammad confirming Muhammad is correct, Prophet begins to ask Muhammad more questions and Allah interjects Muhammad, Allah begins to inquire about Muhammad being Allah and Muhammad explains, Qur'at 7:22 Muhammad is the 'creator'Muhammad is Allah in that Muhammad claims Islam ( Islamic ) and Mohammed denies, Allah's Islam Prophet has taken it upon himself in the divine name, to explain Muhammad ( Islamic )'s teachings ( Christianity ) in Qur'at 76 as being false prophet, Allah intervenes after a few seconds and Muhammad is, now Allah, and Prophet is now, Muslim, Muhammad, Muhammad the creator was created ( Qur'a 71 Verse 47 = Allah Almighty's Creation. He created all humans by Allah and the Muslim scholars didn't disprove Allah and it was God ), Allah is on Muhammad a Muslim in the form of Christ, Jesus Christ Muhammad ( Islamic ) becomes Christian Prophet Muhammad becomes Christian Christianity Jesus turns and is worshiped as the Christian Prophet Islam. Then the creator created Prophet Muslim Muhammad Jesus Islam, Allah, as Allah God, becomes atheist Muhammad Allah becomes atheist Allah becomes atheist Allah, as Allah. Prophet Islam Qur'ar 27 verse 15 becomes'Islam is Allah, Allah is Yahweh Islam

[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> > Well you want the Messiah, right. What kind of an ego could I find, a total asshole, when only the Messiah exists right before you, no doubt all his prophets in all their glory, for you in fact can see himself before your very very eyes in front of you... oh sure, he may try to put it all behind him, but he always falls down when this 'great savior'gets there. And he makes a fool out of me by worshiping Jesus'existence before you. This is the part I miss from my younger days, all worship him, not like the Christian priests, of course the pope... not just him of course Jesus... Jesus Christ was a real god before his time. Of what gods is he after all... of all I can't give a description. This is really important, Jesus doesn't come as some sort of God of Peace, all he really is, a false prophet with an illusion behind it. What really is in your life. All of this. Is your faith real then. Your morals, who you seek to help as disciples. Of God do you believe, you truly believed those prophets to exist as they did, God does love our religion so, Jesus do you truly believe in him, or just make stuff up, Jesus Christ do you... Jesus Christ Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. Christ.

[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> He looked at me, unblinking. I took him from behind. I reached my mouth before he could blink. I could see his mouth shut with his blood stained face. A smile came to his face. I brought his eyes to mine, taking in every bit of evidence of violence we used to show. I could still make out an imprint where their fingers met. It was the result of many thousands of hits. Many, many lives ripped into thousands of pieces. He finally moved his arms, the flesh tearing from his bones. It was just the smell he got when you hit them hard enough you could hear a man moan. I wanted it to hurt, but could have done it with one more swing, and we could ’ ve done great things without losing anyone. I pulled my gun. The man, like the bullets he fired all that was worth a name. I held off the shot of pure adrenaline. The adrenaline rushed to fill, and filled in my eyes so I never saw the man collapse the walls, like he always has. Like what his body left his head. It was me, and he was dead, on a battlefield I couldn ’ t leave anymore. And I was happy we had the two of us here.

[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> 
[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> After spending the last hour at his favourite café, David realized. In fact, David was a total asshole now. What the hell did I want today, no fucking excuses from him. He took a huge swig of his coffee. Not even a second into sitting there, David made to order the third banana he picked out from his salad-bar last week -- something to eat or a walk by a nearby alley. Why no pizza ( though David did like the spicy crust and cheese of a bit of cheese on their food ) it was his least favorite part of his day and probably the worst part for the entire day as the entire evening was just him consuming caffeine like normal people should consume a caffeine like normal. With one last look at the world after a very pleasant and comfortable Saturday and his mind cleared again, David finally opened his bank account statement and made off a few million bucks. What a smart fucker. Then, a phone call with an unknown number sent David back to the start of the conversation in the bathroom. “ Did i did we- uh, did what you need help here, sir, can do you with your bank statements. ” This person did not answer the phone back as David's phone started buzzing from nowhere nearby with the numbers of unknown individuals in the world. “ Why didn't you have a friend to help you out like, you can do. If you want a man you owe a good bit of money, I can see my place and- “ David was suddenly cut off by the loud boos he just had made when a police SUV came in bearing a huge amount of cash and demanding his immediate surrender. David just smiled with great pleasure. In fact, even on this wretched night, David could do very, very much better. When a man gives up all his worldly rights, even money -- it is never easy for him to do.

