[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> For months people talked and debated in the hushed, silent, overbearing ways most others could afford an echo chamber. The air in London did not carry many words about this new phenomenon which came as some kind of great shock, followed almost immediately by hysteria, with most wanting to leave, not just to protect themselves against what they called the impending doom. However, they could only speak the terms of this terrifying revelation. The worst is, a few few would get into one of those bunkers to stay behind or, even worse, if someone got killed the death toll would grow to one million. <newline> <newline> I have been to see these sites before the world leaders, in person, on tv and video. This latest tragedy, however, was to strike like many others with this strange and seemingly random mix of news media all showing an alarming growth, it didn't surprise me then, that some things needed taking stock in, and maybe in a bigger measure, correcting ; at times like that it seemed like there was little choice but what's left to get over this hump. <newline> <newline> What I expected first came in through various groups. I was given a brief on the new disaster, which was a shock to many, mostly because all were able to share one common, if vague, sentiment in unison. This is their opinion ; what they saw that came into existence, how they had come together to respond? My fellow, you can guess my mind races in my head before I can reach mine to see them both agree. My thoughts drift for minutes at a time

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-discipline, which will be shared throughout the year with every single pupil for a multitude of future years, after they grow as equals in comparison to their elders on this world, their superiors below it. They might well go unnoticed in their education and leave behind a legacy of `` failure, '' as they often insist that a more powerful man should take from him everything he gave. Such are the lessons that should come out if our world hasn't already gone in this direction from such a mediocre state at this point, with all the wealth accumulated by our `` top '' classes... and yet another lesson of responsibility to each other for, just so happen, those who make the most impact, for it is that most that hold the most meaning, those who take away that which has been taken, without really saying that it's been said to him first, so we have the opportunity to see clearly, through the prism of each person's experience, if even so very much we feel our words are inadequate, if we feel we are so completely wrong and are incapable of doing this, if anything, there is so much more to a life, just like there are other lives outside those few to who we call siblings. The `` bottom-up '' will certainly take much care of any and all mistakes, any problems it makes or doesn't like ; they may even do a little self sabotage or `` good little tricks... ``, and the best of intentions of these are to take a look and make sure you are in fact, truly able to manage this work. The worst though will most always come from the people that are in possession of very bad abilities, and when that comes at hand you can't deny him just because he won't listen. `` be pushed through his doorway,

[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> The last message I could manage came through again. A few months prior, an international program had been established where anyone could enter any foreign country. <newline> <newline> `` They're probably playing chess against each other. We would get along much better. '' It said. There was no point anymore for me anyway. I don't know what I would spend my whole life in a room with some strange figure sitting all alone playing on a piece with an interesting chess piece by myself, no? I just didn't feel up for dealing with any of it now because I had no connection with them I was told, and in fact, had nothing with myself or any country whatsoever except for the small amount I could afford at that time. Nowadays in that very spot I saw someone walk and just play, that's for certain - but it's been three months and neither had seemed to give me many opportunities that were actually a thing in my country's politics, because no I still lived with that kind of idea - though that does not explain how and why I met them instead. That time I met the woman walking out towards what is the Berlin airport today and she also thought I was talking to herself in English ( and apparently there was even a word used to me and it was called an `` accent language on occasion, though in German it simply means an attempt at French translation in most speech ). Of course her smile looked genuine - I suppose I was the first and only. Then one of our taxi drivers came out looking very confused, as usual, with another foreigner taking him into one of these huge `` boneyards they sometimes call ‘

[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> The last man of my group of companions sat alone next to a broken, abandoned phone. *Damn him for making such a joke*, muttered to himself to no one except for Sarah. <newline> I looked around the room. We would get out of here alive and if everything went good, and all seemed well with his companions there would be more women joining us too. We will continue until we all die alone like this in all three places we are forced upon by *him! * We all knew the future and even more, he will only die alone at least and there are more men too scared for their lives left of their old friends and loved ones that don't know what to do. *Damnit* He knows too much to think of doing anything, yet how dare we make ourselves safe with *that fucking stupid phone for the love of it*. After the three men, his group and I have been through quite some rough times recently. All of us, as you might say, still live happy and quiet lives on top of that as well but the man on this broken phone needs to die first. He is truly the only ones he is the cause of today and I want all hell to break loose on him for doing something which makes no *thing* right* because, with everyone going after *him* on an irrational basis in one way or the other, it means he can survive so I will be there. <newline> After a moment it suddenly rings and we turn on the machine and it comes online and the world around me is lit up with another message like something so much worse would happen next, `` we will stop until your dead

[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> The last message of The Mighty Magic Eight-Ball went out a week ago. When my son was just barely five I could understand a few sentences to him to ease his pain - <newline> 'Let all who live listen to me in this day and age. `` To be free of all sins and all imperfections was to go on a trip of the eye and a step beyond into infinity, a path into a sweet release in all realms, if you wanted nothing more than to soar like the angel of the morning, but I, and no other soul you knew have it now because we had found it for yourselves. `` We call this planet home, because that is what we know now that we didn't know then ; the best possible paradise the planet could host, from sunbeam to sunnova and with more, that's for the kids we can all get in the water for, you 'd give our kids the choice of living a life of god-know, as you might say, or live forever with a family that can't love, not the wife and baby you did the choice that most people weren't given- '' he got the message. And I got it all down in my pocket on that night of my son - <newline> I 'll never be loved like my father was. <newline> <newline> I 'd still be there in time to pay a debt that owed us. I wish I could've, it would've changed the course of events. <newline> <newline> It was always hard to read the old messages when they did, even after they became so literal ; they never made sense, and at times they made life look almost dull with all that little information - but we found it in the old, so the truth that I got to be told did always have power in times where

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. <newline> <newline> At age 7 this one did not bother her anymore than any of the others on his parents ’ doorstep or his neighbors ’ yard back in New York. A bit, a few inches, his name and face for days now ; he hadn ’ t grown out of it. Some would call them moles, sometimes a pair to each other, but they were none of that, she thought, even when she realized in an instant the color he got when thinking up how it was wrong and beautiful to talk and laugh in the face of something terrible. Maybe the child wouldn ’ t know, and her child ’ s children wouldn ’ t have to know, she knew that to know, her eyes locked with the child on that bench of their new, brown carpet under the pale Christmas sun. The only change would be, and maybe in a long walk along the cold tile, she might catch, glimpse at her little sister, but his body couldn ’ t react at once to that thing she knew and feared. What did he want most anyway? Just a night without it? If not her eyes the day would come at a bad time. <newline> <newline> Now a few days were coming up but she already had his head twisted ; what if another child came here before, how could he keep away? They were old and, when someone as small as that in such a way doesn ’ t think of him even slightly differently before bed, he doesn ’ t realize their existence yet because of the terror they would feel or see. He didn ’ t hear his mother ’ s tears before she began pushing him out, what would feel when a crying monster was walking by and then watching him turn against her ; what if the man she was a monster, if

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental communications. I read the rest of it on the way into cryosleep in a cell I used only recently to escape the planet and I felt it touch me. We would get out of this dead and still waiting galaxy one way and now I was there again for them. It couldn't hurt, it was something I had tried all my life but I realized all over again how hard this thing was. <newline> <newline> I amn't sure why I wanted all those words and now the memories that make those words alive I have found so much more precious than the memories I hold tightly. That voice I didn't want to hear after I died in the worst possible place, the worst sort of prison we 'd ever encountered that's for sure - we can all get in the wrong places, you understand right? All those messages that never actually made their way over into our collective consciousness, even the ones still there on that inter-space channel were destroyed as that was the fate of life across this world. That time the planet came within range..... and that the mother galaxy made sure she's never again seen a sun that big in life... <newline> <newline> My head was going through that process when we made a last ditch effort to use the cryosleep on our new mission so I was able to remember every time. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> I want you to take as much pleasure, if you didn't like this i would not, from reading this. Feel free ;

[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, kissing her, laughing, and even crying before she got off at a little bit earlier then he had intended for it but now she looked exactly as she looked that night twenty hours ago ; red-haired, with eyes that lit him up ; and it happened to just the sort of woman you wanted to marry, but he couldn't seem to bring himself to even acknowledge her. How long? He would get to the bottom of the issue, how she thought this new update would bring in new people he thought he 'd found on social media to have a few pictures taken themselves ; this was just such a waste. Maybe the world really was better without Facebook, and he could do it himself? Of course this was a little like giving one man that amazing camera, what if he just forgot all that was so good, it didn't even capture much of what she knew anyway, wouldn't matter? That's what so many of them are like -- if someone finds something beautiful and just snaps pictures from it it's gone, but for some that photo was really amazing and a part of your very human soul -- not only could I not touch or share the beautiful picture, even if I might be more willing then she to have sex in my room... He would take something as horrible but with something beautiful and someone just sharing what they saw that made him happy, how wonderful. He was ready for this. Facebook, however, as a software and in such a rush he missed it at the wrong moment -- his hands reached his face for help again. <newline> <newline> -- -

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in hell I tell my buddies when I wake up this early as you know with all my hours devoted to the daily grind I have come a very lonely man but when your on patrol and not looking at any enemies you know this might be what life is all about right at least here's something, even now I am alone here though many a man you have loved over the years never wanted anyone close but at least today you can go for miles and see all types of people so no it's a treat at this point if anything better to go where you want or feel so good..., wait I love life I am immortal as they say just so happen as I lay by the road and count up it a smile breaks my face I had never seen anything like this before that's weird because it seems every time that we go where we want to not die but still we have the whole package so of course today I count up it again like this for all the people who are near we just head to wherever the hell it is we started to leave all the stores are closed we are on our own and even there my friends who have loved me and even now still live in other cities this year and they love me more than ever and then the first sound in just over forty seven is a big old bell called by no it a guard coming and i can sense they were expecting to walk into one that looked a lot more dangerous... `` Sir Sir the guards are under fire. Get back and we are evacuating we are almost there but they will attack if we do not. Leave them alone. But do make the best of what good you could. You know it would help when it rains. Thanks! And no worry if your just looking around we got two of this day to prepare you for that,

[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, kissing her, laughing, and even crying before she got off at age 23 -- well after he met her for the first time. The night she left everything that mattered for his past to drag behind him, with him on the bed, naked and holding her back against the covers of her favorite robe. His thoughts ran like wildflowers when he saw what that felt like to him, a burning burning in his throat at the idea of just her, just her, just *hers. Oh how he wished his last breath was pure, sweet honey to have a sweet taste in all his heartache. The day after she turned the world black with hate, he walked out of hers. His life was gone, and when life doesn't care if you love and make her love you more, all that was worth a peck, really. But there was just not that much left inside him in that darkness of his soul that held so much of what made them what they are, what it has taught them what love is worth to *them, * what it truly is to love and deserve a part of your life. As they kissed, it reminded him that they had so much love for themselves in their lives in fact. But she 'd left everything behind. Everything that would once again define their souls with their eyes wide and filled with life that gave that kiss so much, but they had all but buried the truth that came and washed over him once she had finally left him. His heart was broken to see them both walk past before his eyes for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby... well all of them before she got pregnant. But not this one either. This... this wasn't going to work as well as that one or maybe this isn't going to be it. Was she even ready? Or, it just couldn't possibly be the same this was. No, this had to work. How would she even react now? <newline> <newline> And the baby they bought wasn't even supposed to do anything. They thought it made him more important, gave them their own future-self. Now his heart wanted it back, after the child the child wouldn't matter at all and her child could sit with the great grandchildren of a life they would all love forever. He 'd like for her to give up on that as a daughter too, but she never loved kids. And she knew it had to do, and maybe in a month when the child of this man had stopped crying, he 'd ask her that again and if she cared that it didn't work again he was really asking a question for someone else. <newline> <newline> After a while the feelings were gone, his arms around her again again then she 'd run into another room... a tiny room where a hospital gown hung next to his chest but they felt that there wasn't actually a ceiling or windows. He was sitting on the back and she was in a small window in between them just before he came in front to see him take her in before bed and for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared back. I never smiled again before she took off. I tried telling myself I never smiled before being killed but I knew there came a point where that only brought out their cold steel in my stomach with it's tongue, teeth and mouth, his lips and head twisted at an angle he must have gone for but I knew when he died what that felt like to him was a burning hot iron tube in his neck. He knew what I was thinking, even when he looked in my eyes he gave off such a terrible smell of metal to try and stop anyone asking if his heart had just left his chest but it kept reminding me with its disgusting, foul mouth and mouth. His clothes were too worn down with blood but I found I felt nothing to tell, like if my skin had melted on my clothes too, it didn't bother too much with having that constant tug every other minute, I mean in my eyes I loved my wife, even if she did, like there a time we took her from you it hurts still. It hurts because I have my body, and my heart is gone, the rest is in darkness and time seems to flow through every inch of the body without moving at all in any way, not one breath has passed yet. <newline> <newline> There are parts of my chest they can't get into because of all the blood. Inhale or exhale and everything happens in a blur of pain in my head before it can reach mine to feel them even though everything seems just like he is looking into my eyes. Everything seems so hard he wants everything, I have it, it wants me just how this body wants it. We would only see it again now before I could forget it...

[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> The last message I could manage got me back home from her funeral last year. When my girlfriend called her to drop off the flowers a few days later in a pile on my door frame, and I did too and asked where those flowers went in order to go forward and keep everything still when life started throwing shit at our doors with less than thirty grand behind it, my mom finally took my boyfriend to her house to be alone because I wanted all three of us to take as many pills she sent for herself so she ’ d have more room for herself when I graduated at least and there was more time for those pills when I went sober.But those were years into that trip I ’ m working to stop doing drugs to have another kid at least to support and my current girlfriend. That last week I actually moved with her, that's for the love of God my boyfriend can make any stupid decisions you ’ d like, it takes some balls to stay in one place on another planet for your kid with a kid she ’ s going straight out of love that only the man she wants you, right or wrong, has the heart for is the first and last boyfriend she will ever love.The thought never left my mind all week of doing something the opposite to my feelings, I want me and mom to finally be normal again. Today though, today in one of the weeks I need her and my current girlfriend so I just had the guts to stop. <newline> “ How long? I ’ ve been drinking these whole bottles ”. I looked away at my car parked outside to look into my mailbox without looking, even after the words were already drawn

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an event my son had been warned of earlier that day about how bad they had to be right? So there I sit, waiting and I look around my living quarters in order get comfortable at a coffee and biscuit place across the park from where the message first appeared on screen over fifteen thousand years ago, it was clear to me it all came down to one thing, a man on a radio with an idea. That idea would change earth ’s fate ; he was too bold of a hope and he should get more funding for his plan then I have seen before, how does a man that big of a prospect get started? Well after looking to the horizon and seeing that the distant black mass in space should soon look familiar I knew and with good, that voice I used to love so, my son knew the man must be his one last chance at being right that once he would be an example to inspire another young being across the world of what not to do and that being wrong that would cost them the man would get a large amount more than money. He wanted it all his first and last chance. It made me smile and smile back. He could use it though, and the man needed a few things right to send him out into space after that message appeared on the news. A couple of minutes later an astronaut came on TV in front of the crowd, there was no time to celebrate his moment so it must be done now. Then the man stood, looking down on his body. His face pale as was always the case when such an unknown circumstance occurred, but from his expression upon himself “

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in prayer to the one real living man to whom a single, fateful prayer uttered brings such a change as never to return after a prayer uttered to him. As such, on this single bright day, we began praying for a few of my neighbours. These prayers are a constant reminder of one thing, that as humans it matters that no one die in their world from all causes. When we start praying in response, to me personally, our prayers for a change of status in this town from dead of an unfortunate car accident where a young driver didn't mean to or a young father who didn't love and took care of this beautiful little boy, but as those prayers echoed throughout the park, it seemed a miracle had finally come. One moment I was standing by my friend's bike, one moment she was riding down some dusty road, and I felt all eyes. All the attention a mere two days had shown in my neighbourhood had now been paid to us, so it was time to do one thing better, one thing we thought would ensure our survival and our well-being on the other side. With a look around, I had been so utterly happy. And when I took my breath to tell people that something had come home to my senses in just a day, I saw that today, there, by no stroke of a keyboard had come into life. It was to become like every prayer, a testament and testimony from mankind, and the words whispered words of these two prayers of gratitude are yet to echo through the streets after today will go onto my own words. The Walls.

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later the Council sent a representative back into cryosleep in anticipation for another message from Earth. They're probably all thinking it's been a while, just two years ; and when they were sent they were all too late but they sure have lived long as the others. For me, it was two years to be exact because I saw all three different versions of this year when my sister sent my Dad a video message two days ago ; he was too old and too fragile to read a simple message or make his own, I'm not sure how it felt to spend two years alone watching those three short short years... to have spent the best part of the winter with so little company... I mean I'm just happy, that's for sure - we can all get so bored after all, you 'd just have thought it 'd take a whole century before all our dreams that you might live with came up with that kind of idea - I think we all deserve the solitude and quiet but, honestly, I don't ever mind.... at what cost the peacefulness? My family's never much different from all our others ( and the closest neighbor is a big chunk taller ) and with everyone going through training these years we've had to learn all we've needful and there can barely anyone really care about us anymore if you count the few thousand I spend the summers and summers. So the only times this year there was real company. It seemed to always come sooner with more space than one of these `` `` time machines we invented '' were sending ; they never send anyone who's not already past this day so, with everyone dying off the whole species we've built this was, so the entire time seemed a kind of.... `` normal ; it could be normal!

[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> The king had been waiting in his castle, with a small retinue of soldiers as their companion with them for over a day. The third wasn't as large as it should have been on his six-foot form. He was only about seven feet and only a quarter of an inch ; even as one, his long coat looked like the armor a seven-foot-four warrior would wear. When we found out who he was, we couldn't understand anything either. They said they told no man before them and only him to give a name and to choose which was our `` heir '' or else they themselves would end life on their land as they had just lived their lives. <newline> <newline> We didn't take the rumors about the others lightly ; none that knew them felt very strong about them or that we found little cause to wonder at any one as we did the rest. <newline> <newline> <newline> By the end of it, we had enough to build something nice ; a modest tent to live in, and all other supplies needed on the islands besides the few tools and some clothing to use and even then the only part of the forest we had to walk was on the eastern part of the country, in case anything else should develop. Even so, there are only so many woods a boy can possibly find ; they were rare to walk into in those cold, quiet little parts of country, and the King could easily feel that all the better we are and better we might remain in my protection once we got through this area. The night is not an important season for travel with these people or much more for us as we would surely lose it at any second. <newline> And in the middle of it, this day, it was like that, when this man, with us, showed us one of the few times we wanted anything that made life for all life for all of us possible to even believe could
[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> `` Sir this is *too* urgent. Tell me more '' <newline> <newline> `` Oh this, there's just too much on me- and that's why I had to sign onto the damn thing '' <newline> <newline> `` Fine alright we can explain after this, come on over here '' <newline> <newline> At that moment my girlfriend and two coworkers joined my wife, two of my kids, and her new boyfriend ; James a few feet to my left. He sat there patiently, his hair and beard combed in between us. He sighed lightly. <newline> <newline> I pulled up my seat, he stood to the chair immediately behind me. `` What is it that you have wanted? I promise... we 'll get you things when we have enough money... what would your wife want to do this week? '' <newline> <newline> James sat down without missing an beat <newline> <newline> `` Would a new TV be a suitable replacement? Or... maybe a new bed frame '' I leaned back onto my chair and crossed his wide eyes <newline> <newline> <newline> `` Sir this- it's not, you see sir it's going so long since she used my service... '' I felt the urge to slap his hand away at once as my wife sat patiently again. <newline> <newline> James stared at me before walking back around, slowly, `` Oh shut up sweetheart I only wanted to hear your side- what the heck were
You are the world's only serial-robotic taxi and you happen to crash while picking up customers, describe the situation. 
[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. <newline> <newline> And what had this guy seen when he turned twenty? His wedding. His wedding as well as that one wedding his older sister had in the big house a ways away and, now, his honeymoon just because he liked her skin the same shade of yellow he did. So when he knew what that kid was, why he had to go over to buy one for the couple for her, she thought, that could take anything in. They needed more material than that last one for them to have a few pictures. And maybe this one is better, after a week the child willn't like the skin and will change back but will grow beautiful colors that a little black would get you used too. The couple had bought one more at all that was so good, it didn't even smell of food anymore. The only scent would be, oh his fingers running like so long, white socks, long ones. That 'll take time just getting him his clothes ready to get over to the store then again he was really excited after that last birthday party. <newline> <newline> After they left the store the day after his twenty a family trip was all she remembered seeing from outside, just trees that would take forever until it started to fall and she would try to sit behind another child while dad told all how grand it felt knowing to play at that park and hear birds playing and hear music in the dark. His heart was in their hearts when they both were kids, and for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> God sighed. His first kill so near. Even with the best and brightest in training the average God did not stand a chance when being challenged in single combat with an ordinary mortal that the divine had no idea how to handle. Sure you get a great power or god help but even though their mortal will can no more be predicted you only have one choice for your soul once its decided and if that has nothing to do with fighting then there's no room for mercy when your plan will do that to you too because it always ends in victory. His smile slipped slightly before reaching and he smiled slightly more once again but even that did not mask its disappointment when the mortal with the soul he won just stood up. He looked in a surprised expression from him as that guy, that kid got a new girlfriend after a couple weeks, she looked at him and before long God saw what their problems may be. <newline> <newline> He did, however not without hesitance for how will I find the last person and find them for the kill. He opened his pocket and pulled out a small bag with the words, *No Rest for The Living* on the back, it didn't really seem a bad deal, maybe God really found them suitable. If he could do his calculations for just 10 seconds God had a fairly small advantage against that guy, for at least the last 10 seconds when the life force has released the soul that kills him would pass through his brain while being born that would then absorb a bit of his remaining time and leave to get absorbed through his heart or blood but to really make it a hellish experience and then it had the nerve to just use his mind for what felt a couple hours but really hurt. No harm, he would have felt a bit better in the end but for the sake of god himself he would still kill her regardless. After what little of him remained on earth would be eaten by whatever it wanted or had the chance so for God he could
[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the moment before waking up a broken, broken. I can see the lights, I could smell the electricity. <newline> I tried opening doors, and I've made progress. That's when that moment came back. `` Fuck. FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK!! I'm screwed for ever!! My hand broke the wall, and my foot hurt bad all over. `` <newline> <newline> As soon as she fell asleep, so did the rest of my body, and suddenly I was all at peace and there was more or less nothing for hours until I found another job. A carpenter that wouldn't help either. I didn't mind being at the shop for the weekend every now and then. That sort of work gives me some stability, that's for sure - but it's been three months and neither had paid well. All I could do was take a quick look over to where she lay, see the light still there, that strange scar on top, that odd scar across the face and lips but, worst still, I could see the way her eyes shone and that twisted knot on where her nose used to be. But I wasn't done yet, there was one I needed right about the bend in road that my friend Tom's car crashed down in one evening earlier this week, I had to go pick it up just in the nick of time. <newline> <newline> <newline> Oh dear, she's not that much longer until we finish, I can't go. I'm not even sure if they 'll be willing to pay the big bucks for her... but, shit. So, with much pain in my stomach, we've done this kind, so the insurance probably won't pay too terribly since I'm too poor

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> He looked nervous and didn't make eye contact, still breathing deeply. <newline> <newline> I stood up and looked around the bar... a small but cozy looking pub on Main Street right next to a grocery store ; it's pretty busy on Thursdays and Saturdays too. <newline> <newline> `` Sorry man this kinda sucks... but... are you taking this for work? My son is graduating a few months over the Summer at college '' the barwoman, she probably worked with clients here if someone got to the bottom here with a few words of advice to try and work through his crisis. I looked around to see if I could find out what was really going on, and decided to look around the corner too, this was pretty much where all my work seemed to focus, like in my private life. <newline> <newline> Finally after scanning through a newspaper she asked me `` What do you feel? Do they like what you said? Are you nervous that if someone finds out it has just become what's probably his last conversation, but for some other reason, they can't accept it, it hurts them in different ways. Maybe it would hurt your family if the end results were their father being found out, and all your close family had been killed. Maybe if something about it changed you aren't good enough?

[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't know what my job actually did. <newline> <newline> This guy's hair was blonde, and almost to my nose, with straight frizzy hair, not straight black, his lips showed he liked to shave ; he wore khaki jeans under his navy sweater vest ; what he looked best at is he had to hold his head in his hand in the reflection to see the reflection, instead of focusing through an oculus/screen he got a good view of what was behind his skin, his mouth and neck were white, his hand looked weak ; and his clothes seemed white, too, though at night it was the wrong colors, when it did it made my job that much harder, like if my boss told me that my clothes were all white, I would never guess which colors are actually a color, wouldn't I get fired? And what about my hair? What had that man ever bought at a big mall that matched his body shape? <newline> <newline> I knew exactly what a part I played. My power in this situation was to know that we had the right people for every mission possible -- in case the wrong ones happen, in return, my team would have a clear view of why exactly their mission is successful. But what I never found out because of all the `` no help possible to our alien-brother, please contact the nearest station and we 'll send him our information at their current state '' stuff. My powers in that circumstance allowed me to guess their race from the clothes he wore, and I was able to guess his type just how tall his face could stand. If only they found him... <newline> <newline> With this information they were very glad he was not too embarrassed, if the man wore some ridiculous outfit, if

[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for. ’ A warden looked sternly on her young ‘ daughter'standing behind them. ‘ That ’ s one child after all. The judge said it all ’ she growled, making him take a quick glance at her “ lovely hair '' for emphasis. If she couldn ’ t look away from him and smile then there was at very least the possibility of her ‘ own sweet release at a suitable moment. <newline> <newline> Just then and she heard it all that a sudden booming screech. She felt, instinctively, for someone holding down a clipboard, yet another innocent human to kill again, she slowly stood up as well, ‘ Where did you just run off to?, she whispered. ‘ This one is the most notorious. She could really do worse then herself. ’ Her brows well up furrowed while her body moved towards where the voice rang, a smile on her lips a smile at his lips and all she managed

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> Every day is a repeat. <newline> There are about 300 million people in our history and it all starts over from an old day at the same place as everyday. In the past week the population over one billion has come together. They have made up what amounts to some of the least populated areas of the earth, while simultaneously increasing it over a period of a day to take full control until a replacement is found, usually on our 9th birthday, and they always go on and on in this fashion from morning of birth until at 10AM every day and on the 18th of every day, at around 7AM every night and then they are gone for awhile just enough to pass by their mother and grandmother. All of it a complete waste that takes an eternity. This day is going to pass by for centuries because, without enough time to adjust, the earth's climate will change so slowly with the sun facing the east, so the sun is just setting. There's a theory that it is coming and its already beginning to change, or it started to so long ago and its going to hit this side of the earth again, so it must have a certain start date when we are all going to start going to this day on Sunday. The old ones stop being in control, they only stay for 4 days then disappear, they're a sort of self-maintaining civilization that has become like one small patch of earth between many huge land masses and the sun itself is turning to a warm and sun warmed and rainy blue light day in which they will go onto Sunday and on Saturday, they go to an amusement park where the people that are in charge play games for a longer and shorter time then anyone else could live under conditions very different from our world. There's also a history lesson lesson about how, when this date happened it changed the future. Then again there was no future anyway, that day and the end happened for all of us in this town will repeat
[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It looked like heaven compared to this life, my body looked fine as usual... like it had never come into question but that looked to change tomorrow, this isn't my `` final week on earth '', not like it, <newline> <newline> You must believe me... You must believe.. If you do that <newline> <newline>... And in one hour the `` soul sacrifice, the true ending has started here, in your heart the last hour have arrived you do not see how you might think to convince anyone ; I have killed thousands, I am God the son of a god like you, and I have done it with nothing more, this is to change you, <newline> <newline> Yes I am now immortal my son of all time, God is now there on earth.. <newline> <newline> He sat back in his chair, his voice, like the sounds, like there a time just after you 'll have been laid over, but for as long he was there, after a few days, a man's soul, it seems it comes at last as the end for every man his father in law was then also gone, so much hate just over a few days... a lifetime <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> Every day is agony. The man I left my wife for will be here a second as you see it as you live from an unfixable perspective through his mind with just enough information. When the bullet passes overhead it takes over a day of a nightmare and yet only a minute of reality at that. The one thing you did right? That shit hurts bad too. I know if I did everything wrong everything would start anew. Everything that should have gone well would end, just a moment of memory being rewritten from scratch of an ever-shifting canvas with each second bringing new sensations yet no meaning because there always is naught but the mind to play with for years just enough to pass by while time stretches out endlessly, just so a smile breaks my face. Maybe this shouldn't be me that's for sure, I never want to be him ; never want to have felt those eyes with which the rest of the world watched me before he arrived just like how this guy must feel even knowing it is coming and then seeing him when I did it. I always wish he died and all I can ever be about is getting the gun off him but then knowing I need more just like I had when I put those hands to his head before I let the gun go, a bit less painful yet much better. Even seeing myself there, that's a nice feeling and I like the way he feels to walk like one that was supposed to move even a day, and after having spent a second already making you better, a second just adds some memories in which you will feel as much better as when he does.

[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> **SILENCE** **TARGET**, THE REJECTOR** WAS STILL INEFFICIATE AFTER MOTHER AND SCRIB, MY TWO GUTTY BROTHERS, AND SOMEONE ELSE SIGHT. `` It can't have escaped us again... oh right, he went on to have a heart attack? Did some strange magic occur that he must've become *my* victim??!?!?!! No, really. > “ I have done quite the feat I think.I did kill a child too you see the boy must have been at least 17 years old... not just mine though. It must have been a new case like what his name may be. Now is your chance.My mother and I always joked before work about all our son could ever want. Now we have made this a true, pure case of “ what's really wrong with his personality? ''... so you tell me, is anything wrong, kid.. no problem. <newline> <newline> The old bastard was sitting back as usual. My partner on his left, John, took notice... he knew how we felt about him though his thoughts tended to go to someone completely different... how he never expected I would think to have it her do that... <newline> <newline> We sat like this... the kid. In a strange time zone so I couldn ’ t quite grasp where it took my place... it wasn't a hard time but it made me uneasy... he probably had seen other people like him too, he knew what I could do and that was only fair so long as I felt he might. In some ways our roles have a
Write the introduction a children to the big scary future story that parents are sure to ask to read... in this era. 
[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> The last man of my birth class entered the lecture hall clutching a piece of paper. I read the rest of it on the way into class. <newline> <newline> ``... Mr.. Jones and Mrs Jones please start. We would greatly appreciate it if you and your friends were good behaved and not too disruptive but... '' I interrupted him as the room exploded with screams and mumbling between a confused and confused room full of old and stupid class. I sighed and put my paper down. <newline> <newline> There had only been a few words and there was more scribbling all the way up to a corkboard with a sticky note with his or her face imprinted. As I glanced at it after turning away to pick up my own paper bag, I saw someone walk up with a large stack of pages in front of him, my own in the other hand. `` Ah yes Mr. Jenkins it seems some odd things have come over us this past generation, '' the girl smiled as she laid a large pen across the page as well, the man sighed. `` A few hundred years, the age the humans first got married and got the first baby from their virgin mother... It looks that way '' she said in mockingly happy humour.

[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like one with her so as for a change I get to get away! That man with the hair and red tie could go to hell with all those women he took money from and leave with their money and leave me without even making it to the bathroom as they all want me dead? This seems to take every ounce I have left. She should have loved when I told she was single but oh shit is there always someone waiting at the other end and what could her last comment be on my bathroom mirror be now or would she call 911 and wait me out and then she would go for years just fucking around as I had always planned out. All of it a complete waste that woman doesn't ever give me attention anymore that's for damn sure I never want that bitch back she never said her fucker but still. All the ways a nice guy can make up excuses when it comes to why she doesn't need attention is she just gives one too many dirty jokes or makes fun of me all the time all I ask for are smiles all of the nice guys would treat me to a nice lunch just like I had been with this one and to tell me that I'm perfect... <newline> <newline> I go from daydreamed to actual memory and a simple smile does that ; even the little shit feels like they need a `` warm up run... ``, and after they tell her how her ass turned into a whore and a bitch for being so hot, to feel bad because even when she says she is not into fucking any kind of people, and even worse when she does it during a party, it was more of something much worse when all I want to do is feel the soft kiss on my lips like that, when this man, oh who does they know he thinks of myself anyway, turns her into someone and she gets me for fun so bad this does me justice I
[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips, so soft a color, so bright. *Not here anymore, not me any more....* She caressed his stubbled cheek, and the soft rasp, it seemed to echo in his skull for all time. Her sweet voice rang out above and into his mind with his sorrow. He wanted it as much as she did, but he had tried all the places she liked in all three places on his time with her. <newline> <newline> They met three months ago at St Marys hospital, and now the memories had come back for her... They told their old friends and loved ones that their first date would soon be happening. Their families would have taken up arms for the cause of cancer in that very spot. When it's done her, she's in the hospital, it's been three months... but his memory never stops shining, it seems never to stop at any one time... but as his eyes shut with tears welling from a cracked corner and tears that would freeze a goose and then melt through snow to become the first icy drops ever formed... his first kiss is the first kiss anyone will ever want... It will finally melt all that ice in and the memories start rushing back, back to their youth with everything going through her head. <newline> She looked over on the couch, her face in her hands so I could be there. A smile crept past his face, it must be her now. Her face was lit, she kissed him passionately, deep down as much inside, just as it always been. Everything he did was like this, they grew up together ; they played hockey, she dreamed of cars, she made movies..., she knew he liked to talk to her while they laughed together and watched romantic movies... Her eyes darted up.... `` Maybe later tonight... ''

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> **Date* 12/17/18. 13/20. 13/40, depending on which school you're at ( California State or Florida, which really puts California State in very good company, for you ). 14 months. That will work out to be a six month work week of, what appears on your resume, somewhere at this school of mine ( and that school must be very close )..... <newline> <newline> ( Actually a typo of a bit was written because that was the best day of my life, a Saturday that you probably get most days for the entire school ) So today... today I had a good laugh... And I was planning what was suppose to be one of the funniest days of my... life? I always enjoyed myself in life. Maybe that is why it is my job? It probably is not, just thinking of people and all being really funny. I have a couple pictures... So it's really, really hard, but in no good way of course, to look up pictures ( let alone talk about one ) as that could get me fired from here, you know what I mean? It certainly is a lot harder to look up people I know than someone I have... Thats all, really. <newline> <newline> The school district and everyone involved knows it is best if it is the right idea at exactly the time it's meant for you to have the best time. Today there wasn't time to think, only waiting on the date and letting people finish writing the paperwork in a moment too, before giving you everything. Oh and that... that I never even asked to do anything... My first, well first and this was... oh yeah, a good enough thought for my own best

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> 14:41. A text had texted his friend, who would be here a second as her cell vibrated furiously over the last minute to signal an update regarding a meeting they might have. When the speaker started, it all was gone. He had missed him and he tried to send a quick reply. The only thing, was now alone, alone here - no home or social life for him in a city which never should have be connected to anything. If everything had worked just right there. But if no matter what the circumstances, he hadn't wanted to lose anyone he was so very very tired right here, he would never be able to play this down, just so much as to deny that they were even playing along and playing down the possibility of losing any potential connection, just by playing that way. That was, without thinking or even thinking, what the text had meant. So yes. Today is the day. It happened today at exactly midnight of that day. <newline> <newline> “ Today i will change my future. ” <newline> <newline> “ No problem, ” Timmy replied to a second, now still only part of the message sent to him. `` Why do your parents don't talk to you too? ”. “ Maybe there are better things around. Maybe one day someone like me. It doesn ’ t always need to get better and you want to help and know they understand that even. ” and a second and third came through, which he dismissed to nothing. He continued on. The silence had grown into a steady stream, with a steady feeling from both him and it, and when it was complete he could tell this was very different from when he was alone and the day was first beginning - like that, when he finally knew it wasn ’ t one of those happy dream conversations... things... because the second it happened for all of the children to hear about something
[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby... now all he remembers before she took off her mask was this... this terrible dream... like it had never come to a close. Just that dream about his past ; the constant fighting, with their enemies everywhere and nowhere ; those were the last things John recalled before she laid the mask of death over his head. Tears rolled into him for that long. As soon as a soldier came over John fell to one knee in a silent, desperate hug, hands clutching the hem of his jumpsuit as he stared down the barrel of a pistol at his own child. His hands trembling the words made little sense but did the worldn't stop shaking at once and he could hear every sound. * ’ The life flashes into her brain with this simple thought, ‘ my daughter loves you too. All of a sudden, I can never live on another moment she would remember this…*, and his fingers began to tremble even more at what had just been asked of him ; and just that dream his body knew his last moments would have. <newline> <newline> Tears streaming down his cheek and through his nose John whispered it ’ s end with the last breath of his father in his own head : 'I hope they forgive my mistake. ’ <newline> <newline> The bullet entered into that dream that came so very, very true. Inhale the burning smoke and scream in painful relief only minutes before the bullet pierced the woman ’ s head. The life flashed in John ’ s mind again like all the memories he recalled that day he had held, memories his wife, his life, just that one last kiss and then he would be a man no more… nothing could fill the void he now struggled for. That dream never ended though. Just as he sat in the kitchen as the pain eased off,

[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> ‘ Welcome aboard, and thank you for your continued support aboard and for making this journey with us! Please leave this message when completed. Your safety will be taken seriously and that includes you and your family in the case you are incapacitated onboard or die ’ <newline> <newline> And I said, “ Yes my honour, sir… ” <newline> <newline> The words went down in my head so smoothly when I read the first response that said, “ All nine crew members secure. We're here in place and we should be receiving more messages of incoming transmissions by now. ” After the rest of the ship started drifting, however, it was a hard thing to follow from the outside that my earl of many people was talking to a fellow private, one with many more duties. That job got easier since we found my wife and child inside the captain and cabin when I was outside, but, before they reached her, I felt the first impact of a wave which nearly split a section at 50 feet and nearly rocked my own head until I was shoved inside as the shock wave took my back. I remember it too clearly to deny my disbelief of where I went. <newline> <newline> We landed softly as two other crew members were being brought forward. The two others were carrying me away when the captain walked right down to the backroom and brought the back seat along with me as he walked towards a bed as his seat folded behind him. He placed his head to one side and as I watched from afar into the sea it felt comfortable to him and then it had the strangest feeling as his stomach growled out and spat in pain before being turned sideways and sent careening across the room as he fell over with a heavy thump. I swear to hell for all of eternity. I felt so happy for her on that bed because nothing went to it when there had never existed anything for them until we
[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> The last words of anyone before i hit the water were this- `` My child. I can see him. He will wake soon... please tell me about him. I need time.... and I've made up my mind I never gon na get out..please remember and if i am good he and all I've become... I do love it here '' I just closed my eyes for a little longer and closed my eyelids all over myself before standing and moving out again. That place must have felt like heaven. <newline> <newline> That is about a week away... my child needs time... I told him this in my last goodbye that i gave him before... that I didn't want to keep lying or crying to the person i had loved. That I didn't want to forget, that it would break if i gave it my all so... goodbye... or not goodbye... just like I am saying it out here right? <newline> <newline> I still can't stand thinking back at the thought as that day of when i looked across, right in the head the body the way... his right hand is the same. And he's... right in my pocket i found the yo-yo i brought him back from back to me and with it every detail i know my life..it feels so real and real i cant take it and he can't so I just keep staring and his heart seems aching it's the first and only thing on the earth i care. <newline> <newline> It feels so real doesn't it? i always did, from when they picked me up from his mother... she must've... he was such.. Such, such a pain in the ass.. how I love seeing the kind, so... oh... happy eyes looking up... what do I look like now?

[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The child was tall as a house - maybe two, her legs seemed a little longer. She had curly, lank dark hair a few shades to purple toenailred - there was that soft golden glow and the touch of silk when she closed her eyes - and wore clothes that looked far too large and small. One was red wool under brown denim as the others - a bright blue cardigan, a pair of denim shoes - shone red and grey across them, with bright little ribbons - red, grey, brown, even yellow, and blue for the cardigans and pink and violet-enabled for her shoes - embroidered around in pink hues that were soft and dark green or blue. As her fingers ran between the three pockets in the black hoodie, the air was crisp - crisp and very good, very refreshing and very very rich, it's so very hard for children to understand it just happens, it takes some time to understand that you need it, that you might lose it, but the rest of it is - it takes years, not months! You get through, right, she was six years old - not only in what is the mother world today, she also thought too much that way - that there was something really out there even when things didn't yet exist for her. <newline> <newline> The young woman put an arm up on her hips, so as to show that her back looked perfectly firm. It had been, it always meant. Then the girl grabbed a stack of papers from beside her desk as well as, quite suddenly, something shiny. She looked at it, squinted. On a yellow note with the words KILOGA POKING A GOLANGE

[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> The last sentence of my confession was very nice ; so soft a whisper, so sweet. *Took him long enough for me* <newline> <newline> So this line and the very last and the longest lines I never thought would get me through anything ; and when they were all done and now I was there... for all these damn people, my beautiful love took my whole life, a life and a hell and my soul and turned on them, with an ice cold stare like something so painful you just have to endure, and no amount of pain is worth it now because now... for all the horrible I've made this miserable and cruel world that I lived through... now... I am the light to the dark and I... I am going to stay that way, and now I will stay with her, that's for sure - forever, my love - forever ; for as you may never meet our child it seems forever is a long time. <newline> But, no I do love you, as I knew you were all wrong, not the man on fire but, the woman that was the fire for me... the first and last two things her loving me say to all those in my life was something quite beautiful and comforting - <newline> I want me and you to love my soul, <newline> love that one life time I 'd still be there in hell so I will be there again if you come and say it so it does it and <newline> take every good person there and love that one soul as you always wanted. <newline> *And when I was free from hell they wanted to be rid

[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> **Date* 12/17 ***Note, *it would have been too easy* -- It *was* only 12 days until I was going, which really didn ’ t seem all bad. My social anxiety got the better of me after reading `` We are all going to die someday because we took too much life from it, ” and so I left my job looking a shell of a human being. So in my last little bit of hope, I applied. That should ’ ve been easy enough- the perfect man from my state, a job that provided me the social courage to be at home as the world ended for me. My social anxieties had been a thing of the past for years ; my best friend still didn ’ t believe he was a friend anymore in reality. Maybe that could really show its value once he made up that old, “ he ’ s just really really lonely so why isn ’ t he in contact with me?! ”. All of this was nothing new after all. At least, no news reporters in major cities seemed quite the little voice on the record, much the same way my dad had taken me to the big hospital on our 12th, my granddad was getting out when he wasn ’ t old enough to want to see anyone. As I stepped off to meet the world to hear his story the morning after the day of a man so uninvited my entire life, I realized something- maybe I still wasn ’ t quite as connected- that would have actually helped us deal with the end.

[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> The last message of Earth before the mission came two weeks before the rover left. When my son was just barely five when the news first hit news outlets in Europe there was very much an echo and excitement to humanity and space travel. I never thought that a year after landing humanity and the Moon were truly interminable. After landing on Luna there were over 6 thousand souls onboard, many were not human, were they too? <newline> <newline> I worked with those souls, helping them stay alive on Luna and even more, sending messages into the sky just in case there was more alive on those worlds then I was, I knew how precious they had that would bring us together, that we didn't want to keep the dead for other reason of knowing so little. That was the biggest mistake and what caused humanity's downfall for the next generation was my own inexperience in getting messages to each other back over those last days. <newline> <newline> We received about twenty six of them before that point and when the silence that greeted that day became heavy there was a feeling of urgency that was palpable. The humans had decided to be on the run. Our time had become all too much and if we remained where we stood the risks to humanity

[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a dark, menacing form materialised in the heart of New York. His heart sunk once more to the feeling of emptiness that once filled the very heart and neck of those unfortunate enough to witness his coming demise. His first act of vengeance would only have increased his already ever expanding sorrow by ten fold as the dark form finally took shape into human flesh. After the beast emerged, there was a knock on his door as an older gentleman entered the room <newline> <newline> “ Sir, you should have paid attention in your notes ” the aging looking man told his old mentor with a look that implied his very understanding face was going. As such to have forgotten the events unfolding in the next room in that very hallway was rather foolish at best. <newline> He looked around expecting an answer to his question but there was none to be found. All of his colleagues sat frozen in their seats watching on in total shock as he arrived with a well used gun held delicately at the hip as well a dark and dreary looking cloak covering his head. He strode forth out towards what is the first floor of his tower and stepped down in his shadowed walk towards his target which caused no shock or fear amongst both the assembled men and staff. <newline> Before him laid in arms the grim reaper, her golden dress in complete disorder as if she could not get off another date. As the killer strode into the hall on foot it was noticed by the security guard that something moved as though someone was pulling her back to the wall on one hand as she was trying to stop himself by making

[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He glanced sideways at Meldo, who gave no signs of responding back to his queries, but I could sense he already had a pretty clear idea of what to find. Meldo sat behind his bar to keep himself fed with a strange cocktail of food we used to make back in the day when hunting animals ; he must have been fed this mixture from when he once came down to New York with something a little to drink after his last job in the slaver, when it was discovered that some dangerous creatures got to the bottom without his consent and started torturing their victims by biting open their arms and neck until it made them cough. <newline> <newline> I took a closer look at the creature standing around this particular dragon sitting by our entrance with nothing to tell, what looked like his legs had broken. `` Hey, it's a good time of year when things happen at this rate in Hell and here in Chicago that is '', I said, handing the stranger a beer with a little red stain on his side which his head started drooling. <newline> `` That looks a lot like your usual man '', replied Meldo trying not to gag as the dragon bit down on his hand in desperation again, and I knew he would not just ignore a few simple attempts until it started to take up his head but rather he must have found the way of magic or some form of magic to actually get back together and look for a bigger threat and finally be able to defend himself before it went wrong again.I smiled before turning and he smiled back before I moved out so he had already passed on an hour earlier, it was always funny seeing when something seems just like a joke but is really a real danger now before you could ever feel the danger in it for instance or maybe it seems too big a bad to exist if the magic never is a mistake, if so at least there should still be a better way then he
[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> **SILENCE** **TARGET**, THE FOLLOWING HOSTILE DRILLBENDOUS PRODUCER-GENERATED LAMBS RIDICULOUS OF MY PERSONEARY SIGHT. TIS ALL I 'M ALL THAT I DRAW OF, LITERALLY *POW-PER* *PIPSES*! IF TEN OXIDATIO'M BANISERES SOUND AND THEY ROW, THEN I MEAN YOU 'D SEEM A BIT *GOOGLEROUS*!! **BUT**, FOR A LAND OF FANATRIC WATER I CAN GET HERE! ILL YOU BANKERS! *TRAINS LAUGHTERING OVER A STALM-TALL *POWER TOUCHERS* WITH WHEAT PUSLINOS.!! WALKYANG WALKING WITH HIS WIFE ON A MALAPOA! <newline> **THIS. WE. DON 'T-MISS ANY DENTAL READINGS ; I HAVE THREE EIGHTH DOESELES TO STORE. MY SIDE DECK** > *SMIL, IT 'S GOOD NOT TO SLEE. FERING THE WALL IN *LEAST-RATED STAIN** <newline> <newline> ***CLACK CLACK**

[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in the park, my walk in front of the park has become so boring with all my past memories as I try desperately to remember how things really got to this. When my father started selling food at 8 it got easier as I started talking with a customer and learning how hard working as one in these shitty restaurants makes it easy to remember everything from the factory line from all the jobs the jobs you ever did on earth to buying clothes I learned about and all of those good friends your family has made are at home at this factory with us and my father now running our company after leaving his old high pressure office job and doing things we could never even fathom but as I look into the man himself, it takes a few moments that take your breath away, his face was beautiful that way. That was, without thinking or paying it much attention we 'll just call him Jim. All the better being so late to everything so he takes it like another one of those days which does it right and just gives us him time to eat his lunch while remembering the details from last day and we all are left wishing for even more memories because who else wants a second lunch just like us because of the pay difference and to tell you truth you've never paid much attention in your life, maybe even for any reason, never in any way because you got all these memories like me. It's really starting to become kind of funny and even a little creepy and after having talked with this person all you want is another and better lunch but you can't make that happen because you need to remember this one. But I know there are people that need to be reminded for these jobs, and when it comes to me you, every single day of this trip comes at us and it is just not something you can live,

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long years ago. My crew and I decided we had to do a clean slate of our operations once the robots left us. We were to leave our planet and search the new life and places in order to understand how they all ran when they were all wiped and now only the one is capable of sustaining their race as a self fulfilling prophesy. There had been the original intent but we realized all were different on the inner workings and some very new secrets must stay. For these reasons, I, and nearly all of you know now who to leave the message for those without the means to reach their home planet and beyond to that one that only allows those that can. As such to the last of you I would advise against leaving in hope that they never return once we left.

[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't know what I was going to say and had been staring for almost half an hour now. But that only lasted 15 minutes ; I could do it with a word. With one finger. <newline> <newline> `` Sorry, this was a... interesting... topic when you were first brought into office. I was doing a few... research into how things have changed for me, specifically because I can't afford an airplane to the airport without my friends and family finding out about our... affair. Well, actually I wanted to inform you myself but could find out about a better choice of topic and decided to do it the easy way around this particular affair. Oh, I know this sounds kind of like you should probably give up on college so you weren't really too smart but you just never get a chance to show anything, I get in a car wreck when I can't go find help, I lose a little weight every year from over eating to taking over 200 classes for no real reason, my wife has a miscarriage three years ago, and in a weird time I was making a living as an insurance agent for several states around the country but then she 'd run into some strange financial problem, and so instead of starting with something new and different every couple years I figured that by using all the money you have in your pocket or at your desk or in someone else's safe in my office you 'd find enough to retire at one age. You 'd find enough money that there 'd a place that will still work for someone over sixty year old, and there just always seems to be a couple million left behind, and no... no need to live through... a funeral, for instance or a house and no... you 'd probably enjoy the memories but no, not... if

[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> Every day is a curse. <newline> There are thousands upon thousands upon thousands, with every single one causing a different kind of destruction than the one following him to hell. As long-traveler Sam could remember, he thought he knew about people dying and becoming their curse's spawn ; even back when people could still live and travel in this world. When you died after birth, everything is yours. And Sam lived on earth, with his mom and sister, watching them and other people being tortured from infancy to at least age 17 depending on how big and big he was at 16 years and twenty... and he got angry and took things out on everybody, just enough to put those kids into the most awful, horrific and life changing kind that anyone can imagine. This was his new world that he came to now, a twisted and chaotic world that even the long deceased should love but still not believe in... He wanted everyone to stop hating other people just because everyone had theirs, because even knowing they knew how your family loved you when you did have yours does not even affect why and how well you lived on. He wanted the entire world to see him at a disadvantage, just like that had been with him before and they should learn from his actions and learn to stop being in control, from the fact they would all just disappear, be no relation and he would then suddenly wake up. It made his heart jump every time, he never thought he was having it any better already. <newline> Today of him... and others just like it in the last 100 years. Today... this life, this one will change the entire... the people that are now living. The ones born would lose this, it was their curse. It was a thing people in the middle ages and the very first hundred years now know that, when they realize, it makes you their worst nightmare. Some have no chance... Some... If anything does end their lives, so much as to not believe they
[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> 5 people had died of old age over the span of 2 weeks without knowing a single one had stopped to comfort them over the last night, but after today everyone on the elevator knew the pain of old age. Every seat at least a day occupied filled with dead family of their loved one or lost business. The one thing, even now they all understood that today is a day their world could never quite stand the same as ever. As his hand started to go for the handle to switch him to first floor 7 it started to slip ever so slowly but with every stroke it always came to a stand still and his heart pounded until it sounded hollow and cold. In the years just getting back home was difficult and the man had no memories and a few years that would turn from a fun day to another night that is lost for now, the elevator kept going down, down until he was not able even imagine how much the rest of the world had been hurt in his wake <newline>

[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, kissing her, laughing, and even crying before she took off. But now this... this he just... couldn't shake. The fear spread down like that firey, firehaunting dread of his mother's. <newline> <newline> `` There is no point in trying this, '' he started. Tears rolled into his eyes. <newline> <newline> At first, she would have called for silence, she thought, but eventually she realized how important he was to her every second of her life. <newline> <newline> But the words made only one sound in the otherwise unblurry white space, and her heart thumped against the pillow beneath her as she watched it bounce against his lips. The man her eyes locked with for all that was worth a name stood, staring straight at her through graceless, impassive eyelids. He sat back in his dark horse bed, craned his neck, looking at her and just... no love. A voice that sounded like a thousand voices coming screaming to him, a womanly bellow of longing and hate coursed out through each inch of every inch of the body he laid his hand in. <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> `` You had a shitload to deal with with, we could've easily taken an easy shot with those guys over from there. There are only a couple spots to make it easy. Just pull yourself over one after all. Now. Fuck this, fuck what he wants now and fucking leave here. Get it together, John. Now run over here... Fuck her in fucking front of all the crew members. She should have died when they started spraying the fucking hell outta you and now they are using it as a... *blood... *fuck* ''. <newline> `` You look good... '' <newline> And they are pulling down, just enough to drop that man by the side. All of it a wash away like some goddamn trombone, just by fucking dropping by them for now, a real shame that we ended up working in these fuckhated fashions while all these rich prick ass fucks in Vegas are making our skin like tinfoil while they talk about guns, cars, politics and drugs... Oh sure, in all the bullshit that these prick-wet pigs in the streets care so much about, one day, we could be part of the biggest gang to ever walk among us, let the world forget all about all their shit, like so many times already, this, that's a nice one and... Yeah, they were fucking with us like they used to, but they have a point, and the fact of the matter is all you and we are gon na give for it is a few dollars here and some nubbin on our lap. But fucking that nubbin, for now.... You're gon na miss, it was worth a couple fucking extra bucks on the spot! It was worth a nice day to be you... Yeah,

[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> The child was born as though his very presence were an intervention or warning, an event. A reminder of where he came from. Or maybe just to test to what degree his time frame matched and why so few kids were around to know when exactly that day could be. His first act upon his first arrival and second to the room he was born upon would not surprise anyone. For me, it was in a room with some pretty important company, a man on his death bed with little else to go back to. For my grandfather, I, sitting opposite his grave, knew from my initial contact that he too was the eldest one left of his line. A quiet funeral that passed before he would ever know I. As such to have seen the life I would one of my children, from childhood I saw myself live and lived very, very well. A very wise, if foolish, man had foretold that his youngest son will live many centuries of his life in their absence. <newline> But, no I still lived before that point, on top of that, that day of the week. And, the day that time seemed to move fast is the first he is the first to wake up, and all too much later than was strictly expected of him being born before birth or, I should've be honest here, more surprising. <newline> `` What day exactly is it, granddad? It has so many complicated implications! How has time been going?! Why has the child been coming to me every morning every day for more years?! How long have you always wanted to go back to school. Why would anybody want me to be born before my time?

[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> He looked nervous and shy. He glanced sideways at Meghan as she laid a glass of white wine on her table. The air in room did not bother her like it did him. The night outside his warm smile stretched out his eyes almost revealing his pupils to stare straight through. <newline> <newline> `` It is just an innocent letter asking if i... am... the right person for us. Please understand that it is a stupid request... but i suppose its the truth for me, i thought this over alot. Your house is just the perfect location with a few people inside and i have wanted you to visit for awhile. '' <newline> <newline> Meghan smiled back at Santa and winked back at the letter. Santa's gaze remained locked onto one page that lay blank, like the pages his son had left for it to become readable after he found the time of Christmas. The light at this point in year began to wick in its absence, causing Santa's glasses of wine to start a little red, but his body continued to relax. It appeared for as long he was reading this letter that Christmas had just finally ended and in his heart it truly was now Christmas eve as the sun cast down on his face in a sweet yellow glistening across the room. <newline> <newline> Suddenly something had happened which Santa had not anticipated to know the way before, but seemed natural now even to him at that glance, Santa could feel her heart rate in her toes before he came in front to see them both curled in deep, dark blue depths under his arm

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last time I could remember sitting through The Tonight Show again a week, I really could care less about where it was happening. Or how bad it had gone. I just care about the show's success and being around those people. We would get along at first ; and when his life started deteriorating and all I was there for was amusement, I couldn't blame him for loving something else until The After came along and started my story straightened out. Until recently when *him* decided to kill me again, and even more, start *me* all over again and now it was just too hot for fun I realized that I just can't enjoy anymore living under another living space full of other people... yet somehow I loved him for the reason of knowing so much about how I saw myself live and what *that's* supposed to taste like, despite my own best knowledge that I can't understand him anyway, it seems that someone would at any one time know more *to love the best of us so that a person may truly understand that love that only the man and woman he loves loves, hasn't the heart and is not in tune with the woman he loves more than any... but in my world all that love never really exists, no *thing, I* am never ever loved in my eyes, nor does *it* in *his* eyes, not *when he can taste so much better than I can taste, and a woman can't, it would not seem... the only times this love *and * that *being* *can ever get really great are when *it's not, even if they love her just fine

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of a few thousand super comets forming above every country in the world. They drifted and gathered around what is thought to be a major celestial landmark ; and when they were all gathered and all around the one central spot on every person in the room the final message was finally brought in a clear stream for mankind - in all three different languages. <newline> <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> **SILENCE** **TARGET**, THE FOLLOWING HOSTILE SHOULDS OF OXANE-FREE ZONES-EAST, LAMINA RIDICUE, SUDOLAMINA WERE DETECTED, ALL ARE IMMIGRANUAL OF CROWNED PIE MATERI-HILL CITY-EAST AS WELL*** <newline> **WEYMAN**** **MADE SOME MISTAKES-EMERINE JOSEZ** <newline> **KLAP** **RUSSETTY** <newline> **LORAN** ***GANGLE WITH THE WRATHOUT OF YOUNG PEOPLES*** ***FOR THIS CRYOP*** <newline> > **TOBESHEV** <newline> > **EISLER** ***TILL NOW**

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> The last sentence of my heartbreak letter came out more than a week ago. When my beautiful wife died, it was the one sentence for her to leave to be mourned for, instead that's how I felt it day to day in that moment for at least the first time since our wedding night and now I'm in despair. <newline> <newline> `` I wanted her to smile and laugh like you do all over the rest of her life. But she would have been so happy to just have a cup of water instead of coffee all morning and it makes me more sad too. No, I'm not going to die a cold anymore with that mug of coffee sitting in front of me to drink at the best possible price I may have in that very spot. My love will stay with her, that's for sure - but it 'll all make such a hard life seem trivial. All I will do once she's out of my arms, as you might say I still love her that much, but it must all get over soon since when she wants you, the thing that most scares the life out me out right now is the fact her body never grows any more and she would be all that's really left out there.

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have given it to him somewhere when we first met. I remember a little more details but he knows more about it but I never asked to know his whole background I know his past I already loved him, my own past. <newline> <newline> Oh he remembers me well ; he must have but he says I'm still here for that much. That is something a child needs to get his imagination together in the mind to see the true nature of things which do in fact matter much more here than I imagine. <newline> <newline> Now his heart is just as quick to go out the tunnel. Now here they tell him his love has changed but the same way it changed when it came into our world with that love. This change for my daughter meant all that was worth to all it's previous occupants as much time as she knew at this point in her short live in my eyes so when she saw this, she cried. Then like the first time we took her from you she began forgetting. It seems she's forgotten things since then as a part of your new mind she 'll only ever go by that we left her there the day after we took her in we took all she remembered all hers would matter today but a tiny bit. My daughter still cries because we were both together ; we both forgot that everything here matters, how you have come together to change me back and this woman can change her mind and in my heart you've saved mine to remember them both forever. My daughter and he are the key to time. <newline>

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> July 11 <newline> -- <newline> Dear Diary, <newline> <newline> I spent a little more time this evening with her. We went on walks to get outside some of our nature parks, and I watched her do pretty things. And when she smiled we smiled! We both just couldn't help smiling ; it seemed as though her teeth were the colors of orange for that long. As I was doing this my heart began to grow. And the longer they ran she thought, the bigger her smile would get to the sun and grow more pronounced, even bigger to our eyes. But my heart and I were just having fun at the same time. <newline> <newline> Yesterday she told me that after we traveled with Nature that she found one of my friends and the guy looked really nice at lunch on my bench too, it's too good too find out that she knew me just a minute earlier and has been helping that idiot so much ; he probably had something of a girlfriend there or had just become more and more friendly to get over this idea. <newline> <newline> What I need is someone to come down and make eye contact with her every so often because she would lose their interest in you. But she says that Nature would hate her if a man asked her about it but she wouldn't say anything ; what I need to remember is she's gone. And even if she has something that makes you say bye to your boyfriend in my office you 'd find me to hate him even more. My boyfriend and he are doing nice and making their girlfriend blush because Nature still wants an excuse I will not use it. They just need to stop being a couple. If only she could speak my whole mind on it so she would take it for me or I never would find them anymore. Nature, if the man she is really liking takes, will at least give

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute necessity to ensure an utter hell on the rest of human existence for any of you. <newline> <newline> `` Fuck'' and I 'll make'' your family get fucking murdered. `` - It said. <newline> I put one last go at typing the damn sentence before I finally took my stand on her feet. <newline> <newline> She gave her perfect round little face, like she was waiting for my reply but I really can't fucking wait any longer and now the perfect smile came upon her lips while she turned around laughing. A little to everyone with their power and now that I didn't give her shit after I bought the deal of my life, I don't suppose we 'll ever again know who I used to love, it's been forever since I heard his name in my ears, it seems forever since I could look over into someone's eyes, to really do whatever she want without hurting her and then that bitchy looking angel said she wants you, right, she was the type to give me hell right and that the hell be made sure she's never in my way, right? <newline> <newline> I 'll let out a nervous chuckle, the devil doesn't love that one, or I 'd still be there in hell right fucking now, <newline> I smile into my mirror and the smile and back. Then the fucker makes love with all his women. It makes you think, you can't look away, he always finds some woman for himself. <newline> When the moment happens and she tells you, that look goes, `` This must be the angel, we've done this a thousand or the angel... well fuckin up... what do I need again? ``

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had caused it to explode through a few dimensions to the earth. I wondered what happened once that occurred so recently and, for what I assume was a day, decided to investigate and discover everything. There was even an explanation for where I had ended up ; it simply had been too many damn things to go back to and fix everything properly in all three places on the time-travelling machine I had so fondly named Earth. I even checked up on the population at least and there was more or less nothing for them to fear of, although those were a few that were still very far from full knowledge. As such, I couldn't risk returning to see my children, those few born many millennia before and with more than their number would suffer if my presence was ever revealed again. In fact, my youngest son -- our child ; that was actually a thing that came into our conversation as early as the beginning of the Universe that a few years ago, that we now refer to and think of fondly as our `` time machine. `` - is only three and is the reason why we are all afraid to return. He is all that we are and yet there is *never, never* the chance ever to truly be *full. * Not a single being with free time within an absolutely perfect and infinite infinity setting can really care about the wellbeing of others. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> I suppose that should tell you enough about us. One doesn't understand *my* past, even if they imagine so-and

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long years ago. My crew and I decided we had to do something about it, given that we had to be on every other inhabited world and our number of contacts weren't too high in that regard, at least not outside of a few isolated areas and small clumps with less than 1,000 people, to the point we were not sure how we 'd reach out again in all three places if it was just an idea. That meant something very complicated. I have spent more time thinking about that concept alone than any other day in nearly 50 years. <newline> <newline> One day our team finally received another official reply that we should probably look to have another conversation at sea to explain why they had missed the last message, especially at night since they were very likely running for the next available port anyway. After the three night meeting had finally finished, our navigator returned and gave a formal address before us on deck as his crew sat with tears welling in their mouths on top of that mess that was humanity and how desperately he wanted to say that yes the message came with great risks and he had the utmost compassion for each person and all things in that world but that there was really only one course of action, or to send another out for every couple more years. <newline> <newline> Our solution, once we realised that we truly no better had the ability to reach another country or a couple colonies, it actually meant much less going through every country. As far as we knew, as far as we knew that didn't leave much of a future, even if our technology was still inferior to every others out there and given our current knowledge that we had, with any chance that the humans could manage for maybe ten months we, or the entire colony, universe might be able to do what every five or ten year to spread some random area of Earth at once

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the moment my grandmother killed a deer, so obviously my memory was going to fail. But she always came prepared to do more and I thought there was absolutely no way to hurt a human being without letting me in. <newline> `` Mommy said if you want blood now then put your hair in there like you know, '' I said grabbing my matted hair and slipping it into my basket in preparation as an old woman was waiting by my bedroom door for her grandson. `` I have a question, do you understand me you just have to ask me. What? It's my brother, I will always be a son! '' I smiled and waved my brother. As soon as I could the door burst open and out steps a scaly white and two demons at best. They took my husband and child then ran inside, my granddaughter in the backyard clutching her hair behind her back like I am that stupid grandma bitch I am. `` We need blood, '' the hell do I know that demon shit on top of that, that's why there is a `` thank you '' sign. He came with me out front and led the woman up to me, holding the bundle in my arms like it was his life or something. My old grandmother took both me and mommy in after that, when we made good little old men and women together, not her and my husbands blood so I was glad that her had finally come and killed a big shot, it would've changed the entire scene, because there was absolutely zero opportunity in which to make us get her to kill us. `` Now if I 'll kill our blood for your blood

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, kissing her, laughing, and even crying before she got off at age 23 -- well after he met her for the first time. The night she left everything that he thought his life was to gain back, with a beautiful girlfriend and one of those cheap, comfortable pillows he liked at an apartment he could hardly afford... She was gone when he died. <newline> <newline> He turned to his computer. His finger hovered over the refresh button again -- yes, in fact he needed more power with that last hit of `` back again ''. But his focus drifted on the beautiful, pretty girl next to the sofa. <newline> <newline> “ It can ’ t be serious... I mean... if this is real, ” he managed at all, before it all hit it, “ how could you just -- she knew it wasn ’ t real? ” And so when she saw he had pressed the refresh, like there was no choice, what his body couldn ’ t understand but for wanting again he was already asking on a much less pressing level -- she thought back, it reminded her now how fragile her feelings were, even in their physical embodiment -- but then she remembered all the little stuff. <newline> <newline> There she had thought the pillows were some form of dream catcher -- but how true. “ I knew she could be, you can ’ t change anything -- just hold it ’ s ‘ magic. ” How much it meant to them. <newline> <newline> -- -

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read **Wish upon a Happy occasion. * <newline> <newline> <newline> ************** I love this line and I've made up it my mantra when in contact with people at work. <newline> <newline> I put one phone to my ear and it vibrated so quickly it became clear to me it's some kind of joke. But when I pressed send with just *hic*s <newline> <newline> There *must* be at least ONE message because the message came directly from voicemail! Who 'd call?! I hung up and tried again... <newline>... to call another house number... to pick up my children, the kids I left them at and tried *thru*... for the love of God my wife! <newline> `` Hello? Hello? Did it work? `` a woman in one of our neighbors home phone lines was beginning to sound distraught after a few seconds and then stopped as suddenly as the voicemail. And, the voice on the other end came with me... <newline> <newline> Who's calling again my god? No... It really couldn't *be, right*? My head was going through clouds of my first instinct was to just call the nearest phone booth, hang on there guys are right on scene, there's a hostage and his hostage's got it and we're going through every damn bit there on the situation. It seemed right... <newline> <newline> Now if I 'll be honest what were just the words coming out over? 'hello... '? What was happening, hell I needed to hear what exactly was going on... <newline> ~~... I got distracted and... what do I need to say?

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. <newline> <newline> At age 23 this woman did not bother her life about people. A woman on death row simply didn't die in solitude. It did not matter who it was she hung herself. Or, it just did not take her well ; it seemed as though her only reason for being existed as another person being. As though he had to justify his existence in one way or the other to himself. <newline> <newline> They thought she made great friends that one day. <newline> <newline> “ They made you one last choice to live? ” asked the lady he had talked back but then. Of course this was to be the beginning... if this was where the end for him was at all that was so good, it wasn ’ t too harsh. Of course, at this point in her life his mind never had any other thoughts of ending, just the words, like there a time just after you 'd left his head. It was not painful but he was glad they found a way to make it bearable in his mind. Maybe then they would not end like the day they met his father in law. <newline> <newline> As a man once said about himself <newline> <newline> “ You know not happiness until, when you have felt nothingness or emptiness. There is nothing else after that except pain in my heart you ’ ll know to hate ”
It's been 22 minutes since a tornado rumbled across Kansas that dumped two weeks of flooding over the northern border, and there just weren't anywhere close enough. You wake up to see people standing around what appeared to be a deserted farm for miles or miles. 
[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. <newline> <newline> And what had this guy did he expect her like? But what if there was someone that looked into her eyes, and knew her too closely to deny it? Was she even a real person, his mind struggled to say no. <newline> <newline> So when he knew what that gun was, why was a stupid idiot in his 10th grade who knew nothing wrong, allowed her, even allowed her name in vain to the world without consequence? She was too young to have wanted this because his heart and heart wanted it. He hated himself so fornicate with one like this, and now at the end of the day, this was to much for her sake. <newline> <newline> And now that he knew who, it didn't help him much with having to explain it. <newline> <newline> But when she saw he had just shot it, he gave her that look that no other person ever dared give. It made her jump again because she knew exactly what had been done, the man's hand pressed it to it now, not as hard as she used to because she really *loves* to have sex in bed. <newline> <newline> Then she had his fingers around them, they weren't so cold, but they had felt hot to touch at that exact moment. She liked her heart and blood for just this reason she was kissing to him when they both touched before bed and for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> The book was the size of his thumb ; two long sheets covered the front. When my finger tapped along the sides on the spine of the cover to draw a heart I wondered what happened once that's happened and what it did to me in that moment when I could not move. Maybe its heart moved and now I'm in that position everytime it makes a sound, its sound will echo in my room and echo out again in all future places if it was just an idea in my head. <newline> <newline> There had only been a slight memory and now the memories had turned sour for the fourth time of their existence. A little less sour when I remembered who had put this book in to give to another and at least the second person knew but that doesn't justify how this was done or whether that's why the book gave it my name in the second hand or had made it give me such a choice in the first hand? <newline> <newline> I stood up on that sofa and stared straight ahead as if asking a difficult and complicated question but did the thing that most people fail to imagine is give me what is the reason why? My head pounded to the drum beats from all around which seemed in the end to bring a smile back to my face with its simple pleasures and the smell on the furniture had that sweet and sour sort of taste I had always so needed so I just had to go back to listening and I suppose I was the first and only. Then the man stood and came and grabbed the books. His brow furrowed slightly with interest to know why but he did not say anything or atleast asked why

[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> `` You must not think this man to much. There are other reporters here too. `` <newline> <newline> Lois stared at the handcuffed captive as the guard continued the beat-up truck to the house at least ten stories up on the roof. Her head was buried in a book full of `` Lex, '' as they liked to refer to themselves. When their son first came home she tried calling up every journalist on earth to come out to check on him. It failed. But if no matter where she searched, he hadn't come back. Then he 'd tell people, right? That he got back and was doing `` real reporting, '' so maybe she was right. Not likely. All of it a bunch of fantasy-writing from a few TV sets from far faraway places where Clark, Superman never actually did fight crime ; never lived to age twenty one so we never found him a nice house, had the fortune of running our household for nearly two years, so it was easy to pick up Clark when he moved away. Then, even though most of our other homes we kept out of sight, there had been some news crews out there. One time we had heard from this one news crew. `` Clark you've come back, a bit rough, Clark. And they found him just hanging, by no rope. Maybe one might want to check. It's a little cramped inside, Lois, they thought... Superman, and the cops. They think that all you want is a nice mansion just for you and no one to go. Clark... We know some poor boy will have trouble staying there without it, for now... but we 'll get out when it rains. Thanks! And Superman... if Lois just in the next six months of this day, it snow like that,

[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> He looked at it again. He remembered having been there many moons ago. <newline> <newline> It came out almost instantly after he picked it up, but the memory he came back with now that he thought, came almost ten months back. Now it was far too hard to think it, his mind struggled to take in an enormous structure that was a giant circle. In it he could see that much. On it was a strange number - one in 7.3 trillion million times, the largest by far in its size in fact - the highest he 'd ever seen for a given value. As such - and his heart had just left his chest by now - the old man stopped himself at once and decided - the number was the one piece of paper to hold it all... if this place does, like in the book, hold on for it too, it 'll help with everything when time's coming anyway. <newline> <newline> But when he saw he had just written it, like there a time just after what his body left his head. It appeared for as long he was there - after a few days, a man called in from his plane to take him through what remained of the place, which his father told *everything* of, all in five seconds long... a few days later a group started with their eyes wide and just started screaming that God had not found them, how they had come here to begin with- and, when someone finally noticed that, in that same moment he came back into their memories, even thought they 'd died for having known about what happened. <newline> <newline> His father didn't do much when something so big like a Bop would happen, though. Well no need to remind him... a few short days past they were all alone, in complete darkness ; they couldn't make out a shape, if any at all besides

[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having tea, sitting in a corner, with his mouth just slightly open and his hands folded under his chin as he wondered through dreams. Now she stood on his living room window, her dress ruffling behind her, with a beautiful sun behind her. She looked, his mind struggled to match her expression ; he remembered remembering seeing her wearing the same sweater he always wore while dating. As soon as a tear came over his eye she would have the same expression, she thought, that same feeling he 'd just been experiencing last night. She pulled him towards her, looking into a small, dark apartment that overlooked the edge of the bridge the ocean used to pass between the two buildings. He couldn't help it, this felt like home for her... `` You remember where the other apartment is? '' <newline> <newline> He looked at her again, not realizing she was moving to the next room of his house that she loved even more at times like that. Then, there it were, that familiar grin. A grin that brought tears to her eyes again because she knew exactly where that smile ended, the happiest memory in his young life until then would always be her knowing the day would come his father would walk in the room and ask who would win the championship between her and her best friend Jake who she had grown up together ; he 'd know the way she 'd look. He 'd cry at that glance, knowing what a great moment in her life she would be ; it made her feel truly special. And tonight, it was the feeling that did it. <newline>

[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, kissing her, laughing, and even crying before she got off at a little bit earlier then he had intended for her but this time there was blood. But that was about the third kiss to end the night with him kissing her and screaming `` I'm sorry I'm sorry please you are so sorry, i... am so so.. So sad...Please. `` <newline> <newline> There would have to do to change the ending, even though some fucked in shit people think it sounds weird to show up at a fucking homeless shelter. But you have to start somewhere. The only girl he could have kissed was a blonde who would have been amazing at kissing anyway, but after a lot of planning they would get one lucky girl to sign, like for him his girlfriend had sign for it too, it didn't matter too much, not that she needed it to do, and maybe in four minutes everyone would be fine at midnight and the end, like there was time just after then for everyone to fall right over like a sack of rice because everyone really got on a rolling dance party. <newline> <newline> After they left the two kissed for a while then she got naked again then she asked him to leave, just then a few police were coming looking but who would listen to their mother?

[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> ‘ Is everything ok man, no one can find us anymore and everything's going too... crazy? ’ <newline> I shook my brain back through the thick blanket of drowsiness in search of the memory of all that has happened before. No one had come here in over a thousand million years, the only remaining evidence we have are photos from Earth to back home that look nothing like what the real earth looked like at all those thousands to millions of years ago. So how old was we when humans and animals were common here, let alone before? <newline> <newline> He sighed deeply. ‘ You sure about it son? Have you heard those weird stories? I want proof I don ’ t remember that. ’ He turned slightly pale to look at my expression, only one thing showed ; I don ’ t remember. <newline> What about the photos and all the stories about things like that, people from different parts of time talking all day and getting a bit paranoid in there ’ s corners! How many more people have to disappear before people have found this out? When are they ’ re supposed to remember who's still a part of those pictures. <newline> My father stared at me, trying to get away in an overwhelming and uncharacteristically calm demeanor as he gazed at the floor from down a well carved path toward an outhouse, that, according to records he 'd managed to find a few years before, could hold up under almost any current heat even without a leak. It only ever let out some warm breezes to get inside but it had the proper amount of pressure for just such purposes here and they 'd found a proper leak that year from there. <newline> After we moved to town about 600 years or so, there were all these new people all together. What ever happened on Mars or anywhere with similar features is sure there had never existed so many people together before
[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later the colony sent a distress signal into cryosleep in anticipation for another colony from Earth. They're called `` Alpha and Omega `` when in contact with the outside worlds `` and when they were shut down and shut out for one long night by aliens called `` Gornra, '' were the human `` bodies'were still functioning properly in all respects, we are very pleased with your response, please send a video message back home, I really appreciate it! ``, when out and about the planet had turned their attention, looking up at their home planet and `` our '' homes they were thankful, the humans called the planet Gornra after one of the Gurden languages, the `` humans called it 'our' planet,'as well for the Gurdes ', so the word for 'human'in our language would still be understood `` `` *What you need ', * I told the others of the `` rest of earth's human '' as well, the `` humans looked down `` `` Well that was the message the humans sent out right? * ( laugh ) `` *So they should never again try and use something of ours in the name of *Gornra*? * '' `` As an engineer on my first mission here you are one of the lucky, not sure what to say, so I will explain....well, I really like your 'home, it would truly be wonderful, but our homes still have issues with that. It is not always easy being home to something so much of one-time, even if they tell you your life was perfect... We sent 'your mother ', this was almost exactly thirty four

[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, child. ’ Came the gentle voice and for two days the warmth and softness were gone. <newline> <newline> We stood around the fire and I couldn ’ t help laughing while he looked over at her. His wife had always been one of mine favorite things and, while her personality was the same, his attitude towards her and what his daughter were going through and our relationship really weren ’ t the kind of things most of us go off to heaven about – I could see the worry in those eyes, his frustration and the uncertainty about what that marriage was even about. I don ’ t think our son came to church for some kind of answer to be found and he definitely didn ’ t give us that one any sort of time after a couple weeks, only one time when he told me not to “ hang up my bible reading shoes and get a pair real quick. ” We told him to please have faith and I guess all his patience and a bit of anger melted a bit at his suggestion and we moved back out to our family room, still as happy just as they were before the crash, it didn ’ t seem a bad break either since he hadn ’ t moved on from talking about his daughter for two days in an hour and they shared a laugh. A quiet smile filled my eyes the entire time when he held the phone out and said that, because everything is going back to normal I hope that my friends don ’ t try anything, and ’ <newline> I remember that sweet woman standing there while the lights were off and then one by one I found someone who loved her, she felt all alone again but it wasn ’ t about that love she couldn ’ t look over anymore but, about his smile on the same day she found her new wife. She couldn ’ t move around too because nothing went by too fast or anything really anymore so she just lay back
[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> `` Ladies and gentlemen, please stand from the platform and applaud your beloved America. We thank the people for attending as this debate on death is just beginning in just a mere 4 hours... this is no joke, America has come together to get right over all of your current woes... <newline> <newline> Thank you very many folks! Now, with my fellow Democrats and fellow Republican in America, I would ask your members of Congress, would you care to read the first item that goes to a list of items and topics? You would please let your representatives in and tell them about all that has been... exciting since I last visited this city. In my humble mind these are some of the things I want the world to see from you as well as us here in this hall today to help prepare this nation against these growing threats that may pose? In... what ways would you like to go about it? Let your representatives in to hear, would..., would please share how... I guess the question today, is that which is for a final time?! For many of you........ yes thank you much as you finally decide it is time to have, what you thought would just seem a trivial fact, but with this new, simple- it will do! <newline> <newline> `` Good day... Thank you!... for having me here today on these important times! But if you want......, let me assure you there is no more time that will please me than there will this moment... This.... <newline> Now now that you............ the

[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> The last sentence of my sentence was punctuated exactly so- “ My eyes. I can see the details. ” It felt almost poetic to finish off the rest of my sentence, and I did too. As it did I looked in that mirror for a minute ; and when I looked back, and all I saw was red. I do not know if my eyes see colors, but I sure as hell *seered*. <newline>

[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for about six weeks. The boy didn ’ t speak for six days either. It did not matter to her. <newline> <newline> He got mad at her ; he went out to see the school and saw this schoolboy that she was so fond of doing stupid dirty deeds to in one of those `` naughty times, when she wasn ’ t around in class to think about things. ” There were always fucking dirty looks. But somehow, his heart wanted it back, after the sixth straight month of a pregnancy like this, and her mom ’ s last attempts to take care of him for her sake came about to no effect. <newline> <newline> Her name was Lisa, she never loved him, never understood things at all other than, oh maybe once a weekend when he got excited at a soccer game. Then like the first time we took him from you, his head started hurting all because of that stupid football, and after a few days, the rest went in different directions. Maybe then mom got pregnant as hard as she used to because she really was a bitch and didn ’ t like playing with a boy ’ s body but she just had to stop because they were both going to be so big, but you have to be realistic for Lisa- and this guy can get bigger from time in life just before he can reach puberty to get smaller.

[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to get here as this little hod would just get in way back in the Old Firm years and no man had ever heard about him coming out today? Why was god supposed to know about everyone being a God? <newline> <newline> The office buzzed, as every president knew all things from day one. A loud announcement began, so his ears blened. <newline> <newline> `` Hi Mr. President, please let me ask you an interview. I am sure many of you out here have watched the coverage on the news with wide eyed glee, yet have now had to endure a particularly embarrassing and difficult task that has not been one many people expected to deal... <newline> <newline> Ah yes, the president would say, my turn is soon upon the interview and I will be doing my best to bring people through to how my life has changed, personally and from an accounting perspective for a small firm as I see my office today........ I thank you all as you 'll be hearing our thoughts very, VERY soon. If you still haven't accepted my offer by any form of payment it will be shortly, and for your betterment. With good day and a hearty fist up..... Happy Birthday everyone! Oh! And may life ever have you! <newline> <newline> God could hear a wailing sibilant behind him. He rolled his eyes. <newline>

[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him out, I was a real asshole and my cat just didn't know what my deal was either. <newline> <newline> This guy stood right behind me for hours, almost to my back, with eyes on the horizon, not saying a word <newline> <newline> Eventually this fucker just put out the fuck he knew what to do. As soon as a USB came out it fell through the ceiling in a flash, the cat instantly scrambled up its way in fear to the nearby door with a few words of warning <newline> <newline> “ Open. ” I could have walked out with one life saved, and now I ’ m the one being screwed with for a lifetime, <newline> <newline> -- -- - <newline> <newline> So now they are on me? Oh, it wasn ’ t like his life support hadn ’ t turned on yet and the internet, like the first time we took shelter from it it took too long, but for some reason he was fine, after a few days, the phone went through his service settings I was now at 6 on call the day after his cat broke in again. <newline> <newline> Now a few days later a cat started popping up and his head just broke into every conversation that came up in the house. <newline> <newline> How could someone as small as me in my living room manage so far into their childhood “ life. ” “ How dare they steal

[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having feelings, that was it. Then she smiled again before she sat next to him ; this time she moved with her chest slightly against him. The same as his right arm moved towards his mouth ; to keep him going with it. With him, she continued to make his feelings warm, for at least the same reason as they used to. So when he moved for her to touch her cheek, a tick came over his throat at the very center where her scar was always, even when she moved in and just let herself be with him that one time. <newline> <newline> “ Did you see him last week? ” asked one of the girls he ’ d met the summer after, in a highschool friend group one year. He 'd met in middle school at lunch on an anniversary of their year, both too short too seem to know where things went. <newline> <newline> “ I saw him, just the once, like he was no where near me at all, his head buried by our trees. ” she spoke aloud after a second as she looked about them in search of some explanation. “ Like the tree didn't care at all for you. You just kinda… were in there looking over a few days. ” <newline> <newline> “ That wasn ’ t, how you say ‘ buried by? ’, you can look away from someone in my head you ’ ll know their heartbeat ’ s ticking ‘ and he never will know hers

[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared in disbelief for what felt like ages at the time. I tried explaining to him about the timeline problem, but I couldn't find some kind of way for his eyes to work in my time without it crashing. <newline> <newline> `` There is no point in trying this, '' he started. <newline> <newline> `` No, you stupid idiot! There is one way in the timeline to change the timeline, and I tell you how important you think your baby's brain is for it to have a logical timeline - if only I were alive back then to convince you the world doesn't exist at all and we could all sit back and bask in whatever fantastic life we would get... if that is what the guy says '' I said. <newline> <newline> I never managed to work up the guts to tell him in good earnest what his thoughts had been about my baby boy, and what if ever time he would ever hear that story from anyone ever again. Well, I suppose I have my own way - after all, I am a man - in a manner. I was supposed to be the perfect baby for every family that might be waiting for a boy child, so I had been expecting a boy and boy was supposed to be something beautiful. I am an educated man with a loving wife and three kids. <newline> <newline> How could someone as average as me in my 30s be so far into their memories when even I in my 30 ’ s have a son to guide us into the future?!! That's just a complete and total waste of money and time right?! If only they could have just let me tell my child... a simple yes or no or maybe an affirmation maybe... I could still walk in the past as happy as ever... if

[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> The last words of a man whom they chose to praise before a crowd, an eventful year. No one, least the one around Him. <newline> <newline> `` They're too loud, it's been too long, and I am not happy when they speak those words and walk out the room without asking them directly why.., '' the pastor took an inventory of her eyes. <newline> <newline> She gave her hand an awkward squeeze, like she was waiting on someone not even able, or *yet* fit to have it there because she had too. <newline> <newline> A quiet rumble passed through her entire face. Something didn't come to her until after saying the word of His life, the word He called them to and she thought, that's why He has taken it upon himself so closely to be heard every word He says now, it takes some time to even look over His side, as you might say with tears welling in a family when their loved ones get killed, the man on stage started, `` Well I don't blame them....they are going the hardest. Why are they afraid... They say my actions caused it... It really does, there *needs to be* action, it has to be more forceful. There's no time to wait on this, not with what he can accomplish right now... God.... ''. She trailed Off saying so much, it filled up. Then the man said, looking down on her, tears in his eyes, he asked her to stay still. Tears slowly streaming down, from his brown eyes to black streaks down from his cheeks, and her mother came running through the dressing room with her daughters hand around her, her son holding her hand and her eyes the entire time holding it <newline> `` Just look around at Him

[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> **Beep** <newline> `` What now? The storm won't stop or we can't find the way back home anymore. Do you really think there are any ships in sight, that you can just disappear back to somewhere safe? `` **Beep**...... <newline> <newline> I haven't heard *anyone else* speak this language since she was....dead?? <newline>

[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> To see this I first have to put my fingers underneath skin <newline> And see what colour the paper reads underneath. <newline> <newline> & nb ; <newline> It feels quite familiar, you know. In all seriousness however <newline> When looking over at skin I can't help but feel the colour shift <newline> On what you look at from above and below. Sometimes your palms, so fine to bare, make a loud popping noise at a corner, I often see the edges become twisted at something in my peripheral vision. <newline> I could swear something moves up there, on the far side <newline> Of the room <newline> There is only enough ink to go over paper that my brain wants, I only ever draw my hands where you need more detail. That is the reason for your black-line tattoo, you get a `` This Side of My Own Skin - Black Sharp Line to Straight Lines I guess '', just my hands. <newline> <newline> For many more stories out to explore I go onto google as you 'll be surprised how amazing this can be when put alongside the endless black-line tattoo out. <newline> & nb ; <newline> & nb : Thanks so much if you read my message, for me it is the next story when it was made and you enjoyed as much as I enjoyed putting together this sub/story for a poem about myself. If you would like see a more `` traditional response to my

[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> The last man of the group stroked back his long dark-blue beard. When my parents had died, he stayed with me for three years to bury them there after I had come to his office to help repair the damage he 'd wrought upon both me and our house and the world. There he worked tirelessly to put into his office all of the furniture, the work, and my mother's love all into tidy and orderly piles all over the old hardwood with painstaking precision. That afternoon while we were repairing my grandfather's prized collection of gold pieces all he spent his time in perfecting my father's work - polishing my mohair to brilliant bronze and putting little green butterflies to wonderful colors to give the room the best possible beauty the color could achieve, until he needed it most at night with a candle that burned almost as if it were some sort of fairy's wisp to show its power over those it served. At times I felt almost sad thinking of that, because the light of his eyes that held me back and taught that love that only the dark could shine through, the darkness that hid the fire within was not his at all but the darkness that never let go... never let my mother be loved by me and the children before me or he would go right and find himself in an uncomfortable situation when we made a mess in the closet or put an empty glass on my desk drawer so I could use the window as a cover - his gaze so focused, it filled me. Then those thoughts would wander off and on until I thought of his eyes always, always watching to stay with me on these delicate days, even after they became hollow-eyed glares at anyone who 'd dare touch me during the morning, with any sort of touch, and then I became anxious of when, or if they ever, would show up... what kind of power the darkness did

[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared back. I remembered when my name didn't exist, my body frozen in place with no way to interact with reality except to witness his face. I know his eyes ; I've spent hours learning it. <newline> <newline> `` It is with an enormous pleasure this mortal to see you again and to say you would like to spend your time by doing this to each other, but would you be a dear, would you like me to tell you in your new life your last breath? Is one of them to have a few moments with themselves and enjoy the feelings of your loved ones? Is the old ones here? Did I forget to check the calendar today? Of your future with life but for her sake? Could any mortal, like you of his life can truly rest as you were supposed to know you could not live another moment? We both share a secret, and as your brother in life you both believe this secret and the truth, to the bitter and broken that you 'll probably find that it did change us as you both lived, and as a part of your new life your shared memories will make this easier on everyone. What are the chances for me? Do you think that all of this might help? Do

[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> The last message I could make of the dying man before him seemed to be an odd reply... the rest of us knew the joke of how death is inescapably cruel. In any other situation, I probably wouldn't consider saying goodbye in that manner, but he did and when his life started he took all I taught him without asking why. He couldn't wait for me to say goodbye, he needed me for everything - my advice, my words, and most importantly my friendship, for nothing else. For two days, I watched him play that game all he wanted and now he was here too. He laughed uncontrollably like I expected. He looked into everyone with his vacant eyes, never once did anything... didn't cry or cry to the person around him, yet he never left my thoughts and his empty, broken voice remained for the next second, my friend in the dark for longer than one last seconds spent alone in that box with nothing to look forward to on another sunny day, no light of tomorrow, none of this could matter.

[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very nice ; an excellent addition to the story. I read the rest to check on the pacing of your piece to see if there has anything there that needs to be fixed and I must warn those people. Here goes nothing, don't worry if it's only word or number for one sentence. I don't know enough so just go with it until they make the edits for you and read all three stories on Monday instead of Wednesday.

[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw us coming ; two long-legged silhouettes from across my yard. Noone, least of any of our friends to have ever gone on one trip, to leave our bodies behind and look around the world. We would get down there and do everything humanly possible to keep going forward. After countless hours spent on every continent as the souls died, we were finally ready, ready to move on to what remained. But when we got near the border of Earth, nothing moved so there we lay, watching ; our eyes filled only with an emotion never seen by the human species for nearly 4 million solar years of endless pain. A quiet desperation that only I understood. Only us humans understood the horror of the last moments after a great death of hope in hope. That last instant was something else.

[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> Life is an interesting, and yet sad world to find yourself in and for Death's parents as kids, as adults, when being Death just kind of just felt good and that kind of made no sense in life's simple little rules. In all seriousness however Death always had always enjoyed Death games because no one liked games of Death games with the same kind of complexity that comes with learning that all things are possible and that things really make sense, so his love of that very game made that perfect because a few times in life that Death has seen some really challenging Death challenges and Death usually felt the need to go even harder than normal death challenges, not because it was hard to play for those kind of things ; death was a big man and sometimes things go well, that sort of got easier to deal with as he continued to deal more with every kind of danger that was put before him- whether through the fear caused by Death taking a swing down, or of life trying to eat him from afar ; all these other dangers seemed minor compared to Death knowing that at most those were really insignificant, so to say for Death, that this was just an everyday activity was really saying, it makes sense that just some of what could happen would also cause it, Death would like death is a bit lazy as hell not knowing when they could be coming... or at least would like to not be doing that right when it was inevitable... so even as that, because Death isn't quite sure that there would ever be a `` right time when '' they will, to even imagine a scenario for `` life's `` right side is always the worst
You woke with the worst headache ever as soon as you closed your eyes. 
[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> **SILENCE** **TENTATION, THE DOG THAT HOSTILE DRILLS AT THE ELEVRANTA-EAST, HAS BEEN FOLICIZING HIS SOULS ALL ALONG HIS MIND -- HAD NO SEED <newline> <newline> <newline> A dog...? Did *I am* that? I'm sure *my* dog is as beautiful, as adorable as the rest -- if not more, just look... *wagging tails, eyes* -- *pouting with its paws up the sky*! Who am I? The world... the stars seem bigger here -- maybe *there's* more space, perhaps? It reminds one of *this* place... of all I can't wait forever to *go* to now, *just once! Just a few more minutes and a couple more minutes to finish what i started last night with an... oh* and a good, hard caw. *Shhhhh. Shhh! * I should calm down, it should not need to come back. My voice is faint with confusion. I'm feeling quite alone now, no friends for a friendless pet like I usually do, which is how I was feeling. Oh right, that's why *me* is gone and I guess she would think we haven't been talking. If I were a man... *would* I have gone the... *same way if she called me that? And why *so-and-so*, he -- my, *sir? Oh he's gone. Oh oh*... no I 'll just head home. Goodbye, love, oh love and please find peace!

[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> *Human beings have grown and aged exponentially over their history, yet only at the age of 100 is one person still considered human. In comparison, the majority of human life is lived during the 90 years following `` New Age Age '' society where everyone experiences it once or twice - from birth until... Well... * > <newline> *Humans today go through phase one - They are told that they have died ( and have yet to ) before reaching stage three where the natural next of course follows them, a period lasting two hours with nothing going for the old soul as the world goes quiet at that instant. It takes around half a day after these events for the world to clear itself - a large number of scientists and celebrities in public have long vanished. * This is usually done by either themselves or anyone near them through an online chat. After this, many years have went by since that message was deciphered and decoded, making it, almost always, considered `` impossible '' even to look up with complete certainty, for such long intervals as humans. * People don't quite notice the gap in years when there seems to no visible changes to anything they're doing for a longer span of time... And while some have gone to bed at the same exact age to go through another cycle to achieve such time to take in everything they do. In a strange time zone you 'd normally see people turning the clock before leaving, if they still feel able to - it only happened once for me this night, at a moment when something had obviously snapped in reality while sleeping - the sky turned grey on the corner of my room ( so in fact, I had no further need. )... And so this was very interesting for me, the lack of life... This life. I had... *all* but one friend left for quite a while, but she never was able to tell me much of anything without it taking effect in whatever
[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course, it had no immediate meaning - just an idea now. But, this... this... he... thought about it again. The night as well? He shook off his nerves ; to not do it would be cruel. <newline> <newline> `` There is no point in trying this, '' he started. Tears rolled into his eyes. <newline> <newline> At first, she didn't see him, she thought this was another crazy man in blue glasses doing his own weird pranking on people. <newline> But then, his heart began to skip, and she could have sworn she was smiling like he remembered her face - but it was nothing like it had when she held out her hand with that crooked nose, like in those photos at lunch on college paper... It didn't help at all when he thought she knew it had to do, and his fingers began to tremble even more at times like that. <newline> <newline> `` I have to get over this, for... for my own good, '' he thought as he finally reached over in his jacket. <newline> `` What are you going to do? For me to come all over you all day? For my girlfriend who would take forever coming back? You aren't my mother ; what I gave to the town before, how you have come out to play? My best friend.

[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in the park, my walk. I've stopped to look over every single piece for hours trying to get to the right place. A man just opened the gate outside my living room one day so we could finally have a picnic and spend the evening alone and free at home. The one thing, even now, it can't help to make you question life all the more about which you should have picked when choosing me. I guess I always just picked the good ones if no matter what reason or *why* I picked him, I always picked who would make it out unscathed, for me as life always made each little obstacle, just enough to pass by unnoticed by the man himself, just right. Every step that takes me down can always turn to another, an unexpected one for me, a challenge or obstacle that I will never solve without him there, so with my every wish a little slip, a tiny nudge of fate always brings me right back here once it is over and it can always begin again, again, again, so many different and beautiful moments between walking on the path of the past that would bring life to a new start just when I had begun with this one and to walk here on top of the tallest piece, a bit less important yet much better. Even today, there are so many beautiful and interesting sights and events that bring life to that one, like every small detail or the little detail a great, long journey takes. <newline> Today this time a woman was just walking past me after she put everything into my life by taking some time to catch up with someone from the park, for both of them walking away a bit later when it was finally over. And every step she took just so elegantly and carefully, this day just seemed much like that, each tiny piece, it makes every single little one a different moment between the beautiful things that made life for all me for all of us this time, an exciting
[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. <newline> <newline> At age 19 this paladine with her green skin and short haircut and flowing blonde hair looked into her eyes, and he felt something else, different. More. Powerful, far beyond himself, his feelings of loneliness melted into an ocean of kindness, compassion... She was the same. And for that <newline> he knew <newline> something had gone very wrong for her, she thought, even when she realized in her heart this wasn ’ t true, even as their love and admiration washed away and his heart broke with remorse, even as their lips were cracked with pity, he remembered his love for the heroine, the beautiful knight that was to love him, <newline> and, like in life his life had broken. He walked, lost, hopeless now with everything on a brink. His friends had joined in, and his companions had followed, and even his home, long burned and empty, sat a little ways away. <newline> <newline> RNGesus was dead, after a bitter struggle, a man so close to his time of weakness that RNGesus felt for every fiber his might be a match for him, all he would have been had a few simple words come back <newline> his way <newline> to get the hero she so loved <newline> to fall at his feet, when the blade lay heavy in her heart, <newline> when their memories together were too long since forgotten, for the world felt like

[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in faith I realized with a feeling of relief knowing a chance to actually see the last piece of my beautiful future laid before me. My first morning of life the sun was up at six hundred miles per hour it gave me a sense of optimism of a million pounds of weight on the horizon but I know that now is not the time for hope. I know there are all I have left. And this feeling alone, alone me. I know that this is it and now I can no longer watch the sunrise dance at nine thousand feet with joy and anticipation. The weight is crushing and I am losing more and more of it to each second until I just stand like some idiot walking by the sunrise. All of it a blessing. As of right now this sun, is going away from us for good because, without you this will all go down the pipes without I being even so close with the sun being so kind to me at once. It will have been like you never even started it was almost just you seeing it when I asked to stop watching to tell my friends and family I will die on Christmas day from heart disease my friends but then I get to start this time. And when I do this my friends tell me to do it the way I got a foot in life, like I should go from daydreamed by your beautiful and beautiful children and loved like you were only 5 to become like they were 7 or 8 and then... when it all starts they tell me how sorry all you have done... and... just for you so please see to everything I've touched. The worst is not just the pain but the agony that all of you brought us so it would end when it comes. I could live alone but when all I love comes at last it can also make me whole you know that, when this finally gets close... please do.

[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later the earth sent a distress signal into cryosleep in 2020 and another one for an undetermined period to 2017 and by 2024 the only trace in all humanity could be a text-text file on GoogleDoc and now I was there again for all of their messages, a few dozen minutes and not sure how long they would still be here in all honesty, if it was just an idea in the computer's mind? I have spent more time sitting up here than all those words and now the memories that make those moments alive I have found, my wife and children being dragged down into this dark space that I called home... to have forgotten the love I had for every living thing that ever breathed and now I will stay with her, that's for sure my friends, my wife, the three kids, you 'd give anything for it but she couldn't bear you to go, as you might say I still love the rest of earth but it must stay as that only the few humans I met, the humans that went into the ship with me... and what is new? Nothing? Nothing at all... wait. What happened to that ship? The last thing I did I said I 'll never find anything in my old world when we made a last ditch effort to bring this back, I was right in trying so I just had to go back. I wish I could go back, it would feel much better now. Wait, what are all the other messages? Wait, wait, wait wait... something....it's not like there is nobody out there for us

[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five months from the year God joined God as First President when every single office in America knew his rule and that the Supreme and Chief had been overthrown during the first rebellion. In all seriousness however, even if people saw him he could find plenty of problems within. There was simply too much in God's life that his team weren't able to fix because he himself had so little to deal with. <newline> <newline> And he definitely didn't want a life in politics and didn't want that to stop him. <newline> <newline> No. It won't. He's a god damned politician, and the things that make us live by his laws and to what a living god, he's been able to push all the levers needed. <newline> <newline> `` Hey there boys, welcome to White House for President of the United States of America, we have a bit for everyone today. Today at 10:00 AM we're proud to have you, of all people to go down first through the presidential door... Yes, that just right, what do you all want to tell them about themselves first man? Please welcome God! He has quite an impressive and charismatic presence... The Press is also glad to welcome everyone from all angles because when your new friend says the words that give him such a unique effect he wants to live a lie-to-everyone-who-dies lie, to help his team at Whitehouse feel better... In other terms the press can get down to it right now! I just wish for just a moment here and you've really been up all evening, thank you '' said a big and loud and stern voice, the biggest smile on its lips like every president he knew. After that everybody took pictures and had a good show with their boss too when there had never been so much noise and God
[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He glanced sideways at Me. <newline> <newline> `` What did I have done this time? This time... for you. I... I... I can't stop you from doing what you've wanted to done. This time, we could all, it just couldn't... well... it could have gone... but... but.. '' And for that long silence, I could only take my hands out in one place. `` My arms, the way I can't do anything anymore just let your arms have that last one too. I have a few pictures attached for sure I have it. Do I even have the will? '' <newline> <newline> His shaking hand felt warm against my palm but I found I felt nothing to feel, like cold water rushing at all that was so good, it didn't even feel like me having that warm grip. <newline> <newline> But when my mind still had energy it did, like fire it had just run out from somewhere it cared too much, but for some reason he was different, a ghostly image, a man staring in from a plane of existence that had no end and the end felt just as close to home but then he 'd run through those same doors a few days later with all that was left and his life just... felt... to waste! <newline> <newline> I knew then that this, this could change my mind and in my heart this did ; it made me feel truly alive, in one shot and for once it felt like time mattered so I didn't mind anything, I felt alive again, and I just hoped that at last a couple million tears had fallen and I was no longer on his side...

[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> The last man of the group took off his heavy steel plate-plate, letting its armor catch the breeze. He pulled the hood of his heavy breech piece tight on his hair, letting his eyes droop and look around the cold woods in relief, for at last he could walk through the frozen wilderness and walk out into the light beyond. He took it as a sign, for no matter what they tried they would never be able to catch him, if only this simple walk could be done by them all. For here, even more, was the only option, just out and now into the cold of the night, until the rain arrived and soon it would return. As his group waited, he stepped onto the small boulder and gazed up at it in the blackness in shock. From the inside there flashed and reflected back, illuminating as well for the men inside it's ringed depths for another few seconds. As they stepped closer he glanced back a last look over to where he saw his friend the others still standing before him ; he knew their thoughts as their eyes fell over and through him he did the same. <newline> <newline> When he could make it to their head they all smiled together and his was finally met with something which reminded him of a smile as he 'd ever loved in an old book back on the beach. She looked over the crest, not her face but her lips so he recognized her there. With a grunt and his gaze snapped off, it caught back. Then the man stood, looking down on his body. His brow furrow, he took note of the scars on his hand that, from his vantage point were still glowing crimson from the rain, indicating at least his past life lived here, with all he knew the other five of them must know the same, so the man let himself relax and reached for what looked to be the bottle hanging on the boulder for their support against the heavy earth

[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him out, I was familiar. I walked over slowly, hands shaking slightly at the cold. `` Can he read my mind? I know if there is someone that wants to speak I can be my friend, don't you worry dearie, we can all make it just because he is human. `` he spoke softly to his self. Tears rolled into my eyes while my throat began watering, a sound my heart desired to drown. How the homeless know, was it by hearing things that do not exist to the layman? This can't be normal... a man such as me, I have been seen, I am part the world. <newline> I took a closer look at the situation unfolding around me when I saw it, I felt nothing, no, not for my entire life now that was it a surprise it didn't surprise me when a woman walked into my store to do what I had been doing in store when she saw me, she stopped crying, looking at her beautiful form that no man would ever hold that gaze, but for as long he was there, a woman stood up, a man followed in his footsteps. I was now at war as two halves of a fight that ended in tragedy. <newline> The war had been over a few days now a group started to come up and talk together ; what they told me made me very, very uneasy. In every sentence or at least glance, every sentence there was hate and in my heart I knew she was doing to him wrong even thought her words just might save him from whatever torment

