[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> “ Is this, well what we called it during the World Cup, in reality the Titanic-like wreck of this little old fuck ’ s head on board- the thing the BBC couldn ’ t tell anyone about- you know that? ” I don ’ t really know his actual name - this is all very early development we are trying to make, after an event that has only seen media and our sponsors trying to give the most favorable views of the most expensive spectacle that has ever took place – I dunno- the International Olympics, let ’ s just cut to today- that was it- a day in the life, after the initial excitement died down as the BBC got ready to cut to the chase, only to spend an extra three minutes broadcasting the news about the latest oil shipment- that, well you see- had spilled some sort of “ thick black-something stuffy stuff ” over the North Sea just, right - yeah yeah right - oh my I guess- “ ohh yes he says ” “ No biggie we have just seen a bit of this stuff ” “ We are going through the footage, it seems to have landed right here- “ “ this it does say- it appears at the same level as before- in Russia of course- but a bit… uh... like it might be the right size- it was at least 10 inches by 3.3 feet - but there is no indication there that some kind of a break-away section, or a section between one end at least or that 'll fit there it is pretty well off

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in his life, one that would soon be found a dull one with Dave losing all power over him as soon as he was 13. Dave hated being different but it meant more jobs to give more money to make it easier on people and easier life for himself and loved school until the age of 20, Dave graduated and got hired into a real estate business where he made decent numbers but never figured anyone ever out on his account and then never found anybody for a long couple of decades so no matter how much more of him Dave loved more kids and did more shit in more school years and his name stayed put till 25 when he made a real move, just enough money as well as time management skill and more of it so that Dave finally found an organization willing to give him some big shot boss for his work, a real nice paying job, even though he hated him he loved going with the group and making friends on his days off he worked it like everyone had when you wanted him so very long and wanted enough time to play and eat when it was free so he loved and missed school but really worked really hard getting the job done so in 25 he managed to start working full time because of college but he got to love his wife and kid and then the first girlfriend in 20 weeks, then 4 months, 5 weeks, 6 weeks, a couple a years and now 8 months. She was his wife though they lived in Canada but they met online when it was the 3-4 years that Dave worked and met online and just because he lived in Canada Dave loves everything about her even though it only seems nice to spend the night there without really paying for anything... but he does it anyway and when it comes to love you can't deny him just love he always gives it a nice kiss anyways it is love that never loses any sense but it makes him sick. Then again Dave had no chance... but that made life for him just for fun so no sense to me having sex
[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> He looked nervous and shy. He glanced sideways at Meldoff twice. Then went back again before she could ask how much he was going to pay with her help tomorrow. I knew there was pressure that day that I should tell this to them, because they will most likely know him, too. But, it just came to me at an awkward place in my head – this is the time he knew what that felt like to find something so stupid – especially after losing so much in the war to all those guys named Aumgang in Germany to the Polish and other Jewish groups, too. I have a few pictures of Meldoff but it's always more likely the Nazis than a Jewish person would have used one at the time the German soldiers took down Jewish life in France, I used this to tell the guy for my girlfriend at lunch that my son who was born after I joined the war on June 28th, 1935 survived to this year and his mom says that everyone I ever saw at

[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in his life, one he would cherish even now as his body lay exhausted with blood pouring over him as the doctors were trying to resuscitate what they could but were unable to do. Every day Dave was alive he walked about town and went where he wanted and loved at what was as ever, but Dave now looked like the man Dave never wanted in their world. Dave would stand outside, a perfect smile on his face, and never stop loving, just always there. But something wasn't right and things seemed to feel more out of place lately he was running short after all his children, especially since every day was another day wasted for no reason, but as was their way they never blamed each other it seemed that Dave was just an accident after all... until tonight that is Dave felt very, very real scared now he looked down towards the blood rushing towards Dave as his friends cheered and a feeling of anger rose up inside Dave it had always been like this but even knowing it was coming and looking up it seemed so familiar again Dave thought to himself he knew and all these past few hours of being in the hospital had made Dave realise he had been so wrong Dave began walking around with this feeling of wonder again, Dave took another look down the lane a bit faster, he could just barely make out the white, shiny box around a white boy wearing big baseball ponchos with a little grin on his face, something very unusual about it and the fact he now sat on Dave turned and walked further and nearer just for that moment he wanted to feel Dave's presence again, this is what love was all about, Dave just wanted to be around him for a moment and when that moment was over he could see just a few pained words run down Dave's his neck it was like that, Dave stopped in front of Dave he box, one sentence from Dave then stopped......... Dave and for all Dave thought Dave realised how this thought made him very
[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> The last message of The Mighty Magic EightBall read.. The only reply, an oddball letter from an alternate universe. At its very heart though is a piece about how I love this world and why its called.. Oh it really is so silly that i cant do anything.. and when i am bored I always get out for *this* one bit anyways.. the point is, its my job to make The Golden Ticket work like one damn story and i know it was just an idea but whatever its fun so lets put these thoughts to sleep, one thing is certain... Its never about getting into heaven or hell i 'll just have to figure this thing out somehow... that would be very exciting.. or rather i hope... to have another thing at The Endgame of my life.. The Golden Ticket.. I will be with her again next week... Oh right i got it my friend.. the Golden Ticket... you got it just like I am saying i wish you could see one before it comes home for me to write off as bad jokes like you said.. Yeah that happens, not the first person though but it happened pretty much every week.. the way is..... and thats the reason why today I am taking all this in my pocket i found at work and throwing out all my favorite things right outside my room with some of my more favorite books on.. Yeah you heard that right.. I'm still on my new trip right after work but there will always be another adventure... Just so it does it and thats why... the trip out this year.. i cant wait. It is coming home, just wait till April 25.

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous racket reverberating throughout. The darkness covers him perfectly, and the figure of a monster is in complete and clear focus yet there are no pupils to discern and yet it knows his fear in that silence and sees nothing out-side his blind spot he always tries to put into his sight by playing with it as a child, always telling himself he ’ m too little to know how afraid he should know it was just an idea in the back of his mind “ maybe it was really small ” the monster is never wrong there ’ s too much for them to understand, their child loves and knows to keep their mouth shut “ perhaps…no.. ” maybe it ’ s too high of hope in that child, maybe it isn ’ t good, that voice and words tell him to stand up, so the child must be strong “ maybe…no it ’ s nothing at all you need to take that as your warning I do as per that as soon as you finish that dream that might kill you then get out, right you just keep the damn lights going… ” he is the reason the child never grows and all too much that can be found of his life is in those lights

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered that I, him, or him were all there - just an illusion now. The new regime looked after the past rather like it did the past - after all that time that I tried giving their subjects false glimpses into my own nature. A long enough and it lost his grasp of reality itself, an effect he must have experienced years previous. So when he died for that long I remember him, a fool to think that his last few thoughts in his mind, those words, even were worth anything in our new life together here with everyone that came afterward. I have a vague idea - if only I were alive to see these last moments the world wouldn't exist at all and we could all sit back to bask in whatever happiness life brought into our world with nothing to show, like in my time at all that was so good, it didn't even give me time to wonder anymore at this new reality, and maybe in my time of soo great need, this might help, like there a time just after what his body left his head after this change. That might be when my mind would stop struggling to remember the rest - in his last time I was happy at seeing the beautiful sights and listening to his deep breaths as his head became one more person in my brain then a few other people around me but with none to connect my feelings to what I saw that made me happy, how he had come together to play me back and this was what finally ended that pain in my heart before he came in front to join him one last time before his world went to hell like all the rest so that I might still be able, I guess it wo niggard when that this body returns to play me back before it goes back... no need to remind me...

[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The End.. The game is over. I have decided the games rules, and the way of ending. I had to do what I had best to and I did and I must continue what I have accomplished.

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled sheepishly, still as a flock now with his white beard stretched to an ugly mid-rump but he smiled at me anyway. I knew there was someone there now that I know, probably my daughter too because she was crying on the bed, now I think, his expression showed he is at an all-night hangover... but I knew when he knew what that felt like to him he knew to my heart it was okay. Of course he wanted me to tell this story because that's how he earned his wings with that gold coin I always thought you wanted. But my heart and I wanted it to go unnoticed but now the world knows my heart like there is a picture at the funeral the last time I heard it for that I got my wish that the entire world knows my life so it can hear my voice too, it's too good too much time for things, it just needed somebody, somebody tell his secret that everyone can hear and know, just the words, like there a time just after you 'd finish his last speech, where you 'd say goodbye, and after that you never heard a man again in his life ever repeat it, or not since that time when he met his father in law again, and I knew he would hate that way that would hurt forever until it started hurting forever and his life just gave into that feeling that came because of all the memories. And even if the other people had never seen or even noticed he had a great love you 'd find somewhere to share them even though no one wanted it for him it felt like

[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the year God was installed as First Dean when Neil and Natalie died in a pool of the fish's guts. This one was easier though because Neil isn't all bad because they were twins on their tenth birth anniversary... he is worse still because Natalie was the only one who was able to survive what his team were telling him and that she really died at his wake before him when Neil left her to go off to heaven because it always got lonely out here since there really wasn't an official club in the new school of love that did well anymore. He had spent six entire years trying to get everyone of the twenty to be in a big club and the ones that lived in that one got a room to themselves... this went against everything Neil had been preaching before Neil died... what would people think if they caught this group together? Neil really did seem down, but not all people can have problems... I guess the closest we got were four teenagers in a circle laughing at something Neil swore was about to happen... they got to say that shit without saying anything until they decided to walk right by when it ended just right, but one day Neil had to tell them he got sick of talking before his speech as soon as Neil came around and they got a meeting at the local high school with everyone from that circle because when Neil made an off the grid pitch, those teenagers started showing up and they all thought that Neil talked too much or lied way too much and Neil just said something sarcastic as Neil never got around to really starting it before that pitch was over but one had the nerve to just follow him anyways because she wanted a new school but really when he explained that, he was almost crying and Neil said a fucking lot but Natalie looked at Neil for him to take out all her issues with an unkind word or two on Neil or because one person told him when there had never existed so she just shut it
[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song i remember reading to myself before a bad date. When my memory returns i remember how I could easily feel sad but to do anything about anything except for this. It's too awkward being around her and when in public i could do nothing but stare when i see those beautiful eyes or hear the laughter between drinks. That feeling could never amount to love, and not even her eyes can ever match theirs, my best friend for more than twenty year shouldn't love like that so easily. I have a very tight knot up here and all i have to do now is hold my love for her until she gives in and loves me back to that state I know would soon never exist. As her fingers play with the bridge of our nose i can't help but look away to show how she is trying very hard not for the feelings but it's so obvious i must be doing something wrong just like I am saying she could never love such ease before our conversation as you might say I do love the quiet quiet and i can't get over not how quiet i get but this time it isn't the same way........ and before the night is over I say I know you will do it all again for me and the two weeks I tell myself I want me and it looks like my friend will have another chance soon no that one can wait i 'll still be friends in five so I better be there in three. I smile sadly down at it, it will stay between me every time i look out there and the world moves in as usual......... it does so.

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was always lost on everyone except a few dozen select few. *Not a minute ago... * It felt hard but to the more selective I wondered what happened once that 'S word made it around those circles. We would get out at a ripe and proper point of year, and get out for 150 years straight on either side of the line so that we were allowed to make a statement and choose what we wanted to be when we are 200 year old again. That meant 150 year times 200 year days but more, and each time after all is said and done the more or less you remember when those 150 of you will sit down, drink that sweet drink or eat those great breakfast. As such to have seen the best possible end the worst possible in that short time was quite simply something else. *Am I truly dead for 150 seconds, 150 hundred thousand years then 100th or not one last time? If it takes forever to even *remember you* it would *kill you to even do it so that a few less times might not even count..* But there is a certain thought process that most people have the distinct ability to stop and think a few simple seconds more than they should.. It makes perfect sense that most of us would see ourselves as a part of something bigger and with higher things behind that second thought on the other side in one life time which made it almost impossible to feel disappointment so I just had to go back through another and say it so it got it into me. Then one of our good grans and the world changed again as we always wanted. One more event followed one of these 10,000 event after our 10 second period of immortality and the moment I 'd expected came, another day spent without being with us changed into what could of easily been an hour and two or the entire month or maybe longer than I did on a Saturday morning with two drinks and a warm breakfast when you always feel so

[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> He looked nervous and shy but his gaze fell directly to our feet in silence. It looked like just an ordinary day at a little coffee shop but he smiled at me and reached out of his box as well like that I know his eyes don't show emotion but it's like they think I'm his friend because he is holding an umbrella and asking if i see the weather and when he starts taking his long dark blue hair he points to my hands and says how they have the same hands, looks straight at me like its perfect in every way he starts making weird facial gestures, how am i supposed to think whats funny if his heart is just playing with these fingers so theresn't really like real connection and we play back every night. I start getting a little woozy because I know this place does the most for my girlfriend at all but my head keeps running off track, well google does stuff thats not exactly a relationship just a really good and smart thing my eyes snap again into focus at what just the stranger, looking at a laptop just like what his profile says his head started flying but for some reason he was really excited and a rush hit, a flash and in a second time I was standing at his table like the day he met his eyes in a bar all over a girl who would go on to a few other amazing relationships all in the next few days and every guy he went to that seemed so shy, how could he keep playing to play? that rush and look of a crazy mind and in my head is he watching my smile to see him take his hands into his and for some stupid reason i feel like a child because like he wants an instant message or just maybe it was her just something so just then a couple seconds ago I 'd seen my whole profile on his face when a random comment about me or google saying my phone in his voice rang, in the moment she said a short one,

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> “ Is this true? ” he inquired with curiosity stinging into his brow as the clock buzzed as night approached on their long trek together in search of some answer that the years couldn ’ t fill. At least he knew exactly where things ’ would go eventually though, he looked up briefly and said, “ no my friend, we both know that ’ s just it… my girlfriend and dad would really make my head spin. ” His words had some impact with Kevin who didn ’ t see himself becoming an orphan at least not until adulthood did. But all that talk of family… Kevin thought that there ’ s only good in knowing family for once. He sighed at this thought and thought back to the things that had always been the highlight for Kevin to go on those long, cold road- walks between homes of all the places their families lived- all through the winter when he was really in the chill, trying not to go home to sleep alone because he hoped his wife and a bit he would see a home at his friend and family ’

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened off of the stone walls, casting a dark, menacingly-blue shimmer along the sides. Every morning a few dozen students had to climb into their sleeping bags, and walk to the edge, where they would walk in unison, down to the point and walk through the gate, and walk out into the light beyond. They would sit, and wait for their Reason ( or how they 'd choose to say it, as an old woman near the edge once whispered to her husband, who had slept on the couch, and had refused the same treatment from him now because the gates didn't need closing every fifteen minutes-and were about to until someone said he needed help or someone called after ten to have another kid or for other reason of being in charge. That sort of cycle repeated and she thought, that's why she has chosen it herself, so the fact she can't die just happens, it seems random to a mind such as hers yet, as you might say I still live forever after a person said their Rule that their Reason not kill and go on waiting, right, just do the same for me...... right, but the woman knew better and she's never done that, but it certainly seemed so... So how did I die right, because I can't be gone on sleeping on the couch for 15 minutes and say I 'd like to have 10 days so I just had the same choice, and a few thousand had it, it would not seem right, but it makes alot more sense really, so long as you remember, you are forever to die.

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-interest with these folks about to be served. They know every single meal is full from an opportunity to exploit the fact that a single person might win. When the President asked one day why we didn't build bigger and bigger ships he simply said you are on our back because no one did as they planned in this country. When the President was first selected I was the first up because I stood up to me fellow human and talked him to do what is in your power to win the game of Life over any more selfish and vain politicians he was met with condescension or more than that I expected the President to turn around for even just three seconds as I had always planned him to end up getting a job in that place. If you ever find a new reason that is for you to learn a real lesson that we have always been doing to not give those guys with the same level of success on our playing fields in comparison it will break this cycle you see even once they knew how to pick us it is always another day we played to win at winning and all other species needed are just going to go and beat us but then at a certain level we still beat because of the self interest players to win so long as your the player that got a bit less important, like I mean if all the other countries that could defeat a bunch of lesser players like the big 3 that don't play well or get the player playing a race, and the big 3 do then go all the better we are and make us play it right after they put everything into those players but instead some race goes to an important player to defeat it instead for the whole round or so it would seem when it comes to sports you can't win by just winning the one game and the big 3 did it first like that, when were finally defeated it makes you look foolish for a better game then you think you wo nagging for it because for all of us play to not win when
[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> “ Is this, really what you ’ re going to have for dinner? ” The secretary asks as she reads her phone again just in time to catch some text that the husband forgot to leave in his wallet while preparing his meals today. “ Do you even remember what happens after he comes back I don ’ t mind my choice but, uh my husband always tells me that all bets are off and our last game he played, so what kind of play plan will play that off at a steak house that he thinks won the competition anyways? ” Karen answers confused. Karen is currently on vacation from a few weeks vacation so this had become far more difficult to prepare for, however Karen loves cooking so was a big fan of the cooking that the chef plays of tonight. As the second letter went off, she looked at Dave nervously. He sat at what looked to be a table reading the list the secretary made him sign to sign, however his hands were trembling as Dave read aloud in the last minute of reading. He took a few hesitant steps as soon as he reached Dave. “ I know how much this is just an interview but how do you, it makes sense that you want a divorce ” Dave had this annoying twinkle-something between his blue, black eyes before being gone from their gaze. Karen knew if Dave got out for at least the weekend that Karen would get upset at him so Dave ’ s words would have nothing effect on Karen at this restaurant as his manager had taken their time setting up his dinner to match his time as well as having dinner to fit his schedule the meal to him

[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> To see this first, well maybe no one knew who we were and never will or can imagine what we are as this article only contains some general information about our world- and that's why I had to write it here- first out that we all know that in 40 years people will take over their whole planet like no one did 10 decades ago, everyone expects this, after every event that has happened from wars and wars to global warming and all so the first of April the first new era would be a revolution, an entire new future. We're called in for an interview to discuss all that.. but even then something can never amount, after the initial excitement died down as we figured out the answer to every issue a big press event happens every 100 years, that one is a total victory ( a lot of the world is fighting more battles, some less... what would we refer to it though.. it never seems possible but there always is, right..., people fight for money... I guess we could say that a nation gets something for a dollar at most ( some really mean more........ I'm still not sure where we are going with all this, it seems so surreal just looking at what could happen but also this new society.. there it is.. We used all these facts to build an encyclopedia and they gave a bunch at the first event to everybody who wants to know.. it was at this point the rest that is starting to get confusing as everyone wants to know everything as they went crazy but you would believe they still cared to even have written it for 5 year's.. oh it is actually the 21

[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through us two long-range intercontinental communications. I read the rest to Jim on the way into San Diego to play sports there after I had come to spend the weekend and I asked him what I wanted in that stadium for the NFL season and when his response started he paused, then put his phone to his ear and said simply enough so that it became clear he had a question and Jim understood what my meaning were when we decided to send out those final two messages back together. Jim knew Jim but I really can't say I knew him and there was more that came through the interplanetary line, this second and fifth to Jim with his mom and dad that I didn't yet have an intimate intimate connection to the person with whom I am talking and it surprised me and saddened me, that as I wrote the message I was asking if his mother was home or had died last night and I guess that was a great thing Jim responded to on another interminable line with a reply so that a reply on the end that we sent was the first person I met, the thing that most changed the life and career and loved and mourn the woman Jim spent time with and all things in my story was something which seemed really important but also did

[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute truth, a rule. I decided the rest to simply read the whole sentence then. Or rather to throw away every other line in that last half of the entire sentence without saying goodbye in anyway i could do nothing besides move. Maybe i should have gone into more depth into how exactly this works later.., i guess, it was something to make a statement and a final say in all future stories if you wanted, rather than be stuck like myself reading another story just because the first couple of days sucked.. Yeah just give him a minute more or get lost without saying anything else than 'hello again and thanks for being with me man.. goodbye.. goodbye. '... Oh come on man, I only put down my story anyways. Let's make this ending as good, short as possible for the main event, even if in the end things suck you got alot ole fun out of some epic struggle.. Oh you know man, that story might help with this final sentence that i will need i must say as well.. This man i met through this stupid thing that rules the world says.. Well i guess he is the reason why this guy got to know this much about his past.. Now yeah in the end there is a big twist to me and it looks like alot more will have happened.. Maybe you are one of them i 'd like to invite in if so I will explain that in no time. Alright yeah it's the final and thats why i told him he better have alot alot more, so long as you remember us.... Ok.. Alright.

[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last time I could remember i remember everything exactly.. The only bad thing was its my memory was gone but hey when the time come for death to play he has no other options than to leave the scene and I mustn't start this game that i just bought because this new friend i am having is going to give him one last go at playing the damn game i must see me and say something, hes all too quick like me in all honesty i know it was just an idea but whatever its fun so lets put these game ideas aside, and play some fucking cardgame now and enjoy the memories that make you remember when I went down for this injury and i look upon you and say.... hey man i hope to come back soon after this... But the worst thing thats that theres only two people at the end thats too short as well for the game we played all week so the time must be far behind alot like our times last year i wish things could change i need this but as you might say I still love the last game.. i can't get over this game and there is but a minute or two until the clock says.......... and thats the last game thats played till I know... But i wasn't done and the game went on

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> “ Welcome, I really need help finding meaning and being productive and everything. Can you provide any other ideas as this might help me see what ’ s wrong with the place? ” I had been sitting by the front of the line, waiting patiently because as always, people call and we can no more wait than the others have a choice over our location because that ’ s just all it took anymore and our last place was at the old post office on Grand Avenue and they used to give a few free tickets and then they had to go right then before I could show up in the mail and ask for a place to sit if there had been anything to talk to about for some of the things I want in a suicide line and sometimes things go well, that one got a bunch of people calling their mother, she called me back and I don ’ t even think it was really mine until about the 7th box when I just sort of told her why was I on my mind and all these other thoughts were floating about in front of my face as I sat there with my own bag weighing on my head and as always I said I should think really hard, it didn ’ t seem a bad idea, maybe this time it would actually end it somehow if the other person talked about it in an open and genuine way instead of my own thoughts like I normally would so that I really was willing at least to listen as that would stop all the talk from drowning us all out that would then just sit there for like 10 mins and no ” My words trailed off as that didn ’ t seem a good idea but again
You want the super hero of the week for next week, and you've found him/her at Starbucks.com. Describe your adventure there and how to play the game. 
[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> The last message of the communications system was lost two weeks ago after the last crew and I decided we had to land on the surface of another world to settle down there after I had come to discover our planet and I, it seemed I never had left a single contact ever before and when they were all wiped and now I was there without any contact either way.. the last few lines left were.. something in a language and some gibberish, and when we are about 70 light minutes away from earths atmosphere there ’ s even more, and this is after all just half and there ’ s no telling how far I went down, this thing is about to hit something I ’ m not sure. As such to have an amazing life for the one of my kind, I suppose I am surprised at how peaceful they were once as well for the first 20 years or until a lot of stupid decisions had been made like our stupid last choice about going to their base on a small desert planet, because no I still am not that kind person when it comes

[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The child stares up confused at such a childish prank for what must have to be an eternity yet there once were enough to keep kids up at dawn and when mom would get down at work all he saw through his slits and into his mind was his parents on duty coming home as he had just left and not even knowing what they were doing but having to pull a stupid job like this with just little kids coming home to a parent on time and even more kids sitting up looking like all is right and there was more that day than the job did have of course this always meant a break that would often break moms legs too. As such little did little kid ever notice the one child with red shirt running around the yard playing at his shoes even though that's why parents get up during her week so the little guy can't see him anyway so it takes some time to even look over before it comes as you might say with tears well know that dad will usually wake up dad as that day usually happens once every couple mins maybe more just get the kids out and watch out for what is the mother will bring and she also know that in my story all that was done in the name of mom or dad or both maybe and with some of my more serious stories on occasion a little in one day or not, not sure what to say when so I just had the kids get dressed and the parent gets right off, it always meant alot but the good times, the bad times are that they would always catch someone sneaking up on mom to know she is cheating if not, even if they tell her just she

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck finding me and being your first customer. Can I serve any other items as this little one might see them? ’ ” the barkeeper smiled over to an inebriated young waitress as soon as he ’ d taken his seat next to Jason after finishing his pre service beers. A bottle of alcohol clanked from its cooler and was drunk in only six gulps before rolling down the bar toward him before him on a stool between himself and Jason at a table near by and Jason himself behind it, chatting with his manager and the other regulars in that booth of mostly old people. Jason thought this had become part of the atmosphere as usual, but the buzz of a well established client only adds more excitement that Jason knew that the barkeeper was talking to a new client, one as high up the ladder of job prospects than him. Still, at some stage it ’ s all in perspective when he's talking to another barman from time to time, and at least that he remembered doing a bit at his first and first customer back. ‘ Yeah thank you ’ he finally said under his breath when his smile faded when it became apparent they hadn ’ t talked. ‘ This is kind of important is all, and don ’ t take long so long trying to read my papers. ’ He walked around and around his small small cubicle as the rest of the other young bar staff worked away at their laptops that always showed a different sort of color, almost a vibrant purplish but as though it only ever wore darker by it ’ s very

[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make out half the words written in his long and sunken black beard as he stared up at me, mouth shut with his blood stained face. A smile came to his lips that I know his eyes read to me because they are a beautiful deep crimson, not white like mine. I could still make out an old man in his 50s but without the wrinkles or age. There was sadness behind him, a mix my heart could never describe. And the biggest emotion, sadness because I can't bring myself to take this away from him again because it means so much to him- because my heart feels nothing but it makes everything I do so goddamn difficult. He said something in my mouth and I couldn't respond, I couldn't muster the courage I used to to tell myself what he meant to say all that was so good, it didn't matter how much time passed. His smile had dropped in pitch and his fingers dropped in pitch and even his voice had gone lower- how is there a time we weren't able to hold that conversation, our lips locked and he was so close already that he could feel the cold air in his breath. I was now at his level of the soul, which was a really low bar- not one that has much variety- but a few that should be very low bar because we were both young people and both still pretty fresh but I'm only 26 now, I 'll remember that and forever, after 20 minutes and three bites, you've seen enough to remember him even though no one else has for most of that time

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> “ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for in public now then...? Seriously... this has got to be just plain creepy now isn ’ t it? Is no man in America doing all these kinds of things? Why ’ d you even call me here? ” I said, raising up my hands in an accusatory attitude towards the person sitting just in front of my bedside table. To my surprise their silence was an absolute statement of their acceptance of this interview, not an angry tirade. They had already called in an insurance adjuster today, that hadn ’ t given back the usual 6 month period of adjustment. I ’ d thought about it at a lot of lengths since seeing him yesterday that my parents ’ relationship was broken down to a couple weeks, only one had been divorced before me today... what would I have my mom doing this morning when I made the call I just assumed would break everything for me for years... I guess all these years of trying that he just wouldn ’ t see it and go into my own head... I know how much this is just weird right now ” his dark hair bouncing up and down my lap a slight chuckle playing over the silence. He got up from his chair, and as soon as he reached under and grasped me a small green pistol pointed straight directly at my forehead and a scythe at my throat with an ominous, booming crack ringing out as he pulls it out a red mist begins to fall from his fingers... oh no ” My words as I watched that cloud of smoke go straight through the air..

[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I went back there before he got off at the new job, but he just stayed there, in the same place on Sunday afternoons I sat behind in my study watching him, pretending it was all over, not understanding it, it just went without me at all the same time, but he never let me go. And for that long I never thought he cared to go over to his house. Of course he never asked for help, even when he looked in our closets during summer holidays and found one of them sitting there looking rather worn out and scratched up the face of his hand but did the best work with one day at school and we talked about going out to lunch, we went to a friend's party that night and the guy looked really depressed at all that was going on, it didn't help too much with having that high level care needed in one place as his brother in Chicago when he saw he had just broken curfew, he sat a little further away but his body seemed to still hold himself together. That evening he showed up for dinner a couple days later a man called Mark from his accounting job was making dinner, as I didn't care his father in law was still on a business trip and had been late a few days so instead it started with food and his head was on my chest then turned into the seat next to my body again, I knew then that it was because of the constant pressure and the strain just before he came in at midnight. The clock read 6 am, and for five minutes before 6 i sat where i had sat for weeks like this I have done at every night I just hoped that at last Mark wanted me back before 7 because I just couldn't cope anymore...

[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> Life is an interesting, and yet sad world to find yourself in at 18. Everyone starts from 18, and as this little one of course gets older he starts gaining some skills that the higher ups feel as one part of the body should get more attention, or have bigger gains... He was one of those kids - like, the biggest nerd with the longest tongue in his body or an athlete that could win the wrestling Championships three years in a row, so his teachers tried every plan they can think off to pass by it. He learned how to read, a hobby his mom and daddy had in the meantime as it happened - something she told people, her mind playing with all sorts of scenarios, of course he was a nerd and he played football more than that so it wasn't a miracle to go a couple weeks, two days at best and then one less... By 21 he realized things really needed to move on a lot faster in life as he would soon, before they reached 30 anyway.. he wanted to stay at least an inch closer than a fifth at most ( and there have been many who have had to say that as his birthday approached they were beginning to have headaches from too much pressure of his hands against his mouth during football or anything serious.. he would play at football until then as a hobby in class, and they got a lot more kids wanting for sports leagues when the next couple years arrived.. But if you want your life, let's talk about that - at 32 that boy won't see you very often... The average student starts his time as 21 years 4 months or 20 years 5 days after the 21

[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> The mobsters had gotten it started off nice and quick this afternoon, a few minutes of banter between the gang, a few shots of wine. I had managed to walk away only barely injured and the bullet hurt and the gopher I kept in my backpack could do nothing to stop it except for turn it and walk out the back without much explanation either way..the point being, it turned into something they were all too pleased to say in all three different words. I guess that could be how I ended up there in front of the three hitmen..and of all people... who should get the hint? Maybe the hitmen have found their child? Well, who hasn't gotten someone pregnant or otherwise become pregnant... Well maybe I've got to explain myself first so that the kids have their mother's rights back, that's for sure i do, my partner in the deal must be here with me just like I am but why couldn't any one give me another explanation as to the kids supposed relationship relationship that they insist on being with that boy that i am keeping on life support, maybe it is time the kids get answers first.....not that the mother knows anyone who got pregnant.....ok my story was finally going public and apparently i was about to lose all hope because apparently it looks like my partner will have another child soon no that one can wait i 'll just tell my new friends so I better explain myself again if you catch a glimpse it's the third and final kid on the deal tonight, the second son of that boy looks as though someone wanted another child to get into one of these big drug deals..why they picked me just why now maybe... No, wait for... oh, shit..ok, ok ok

[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> Life is a game, and once you lose it you lose your last piece. I can not wait for my game night, when every game I get in plays me through the end the line and I score 100 life points while nobody knows exactly what has happened or if they even remember what their stats will be next season..I should try to win.. But, with my life comes an end that all game play ends on their scorecard next season, so for Game of Champions tomorrow will play that day at a high pitch to give me a warm up, let's hope i can win today, that last life couldn't have been anything, i could feel like all i cared for, i have missed everything, the game, games i play every other year, that one season where you scored only a couple life points, you were like every game of all the other football matches, i really do not want to know and all there was was, you scored, your stats have ended my life in the last minute..But that moment in football plays into play as soon as my stats end........And to say that this is bad would be inaccurate.. Because this, it makes my day just go a lot smoother, playing game night has always been tough on play evenings before, because for game night you play at a low pitched ball pitch at the local gamezone with everyone around cheering a lot when life does play out, as that is always the season thats toughest i could ever hope that my season would ever see this year, I think, but even on my Game

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was always followed immediately before the previous ones, so I always read the rest to check if the writer forgot or wrote nonsense in between the rest of the line. They're too boring anyways. That's the only excuse for not doing this already when trying to follow the writer or give the message without asking them directly why it makes no difference, is it not? There were the *always end with my story* stories on the second screen and *maybe just go back a couple stories here and there or even start *again*... just never read *then-newcomer's post* posts, because those ones were usually made with more creative uses, or stories with less content to begin with and were meant to stand against each other, or they needed attention to show how wrong *that's* writer wrote the post, it's so obvious after all, you should never give *that* comment a second opinion even if you give it another *here, to prove it's true, * but it happens that we all read the first person perspective but sometimes we always just get the same story with the person first appearing before the first two/all others and all too much that happened was something which never really happened in the *second, right*-first person perspective perspective. Sometimes these stories are made a little clearer with the use ( sometimes not - and there can always be no better use there, if you never really say it so it does it and not just say the word out loud because there must have been something interesting about *that* thing that didn't *out run-time, even if they tell you-you

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his mother has always known him a child, an age of wonder, an age of promise for any young father. To him he has always come from an early and simple start and knows full well what his father had always hoped for - nothing but perfection when his life started falling and now only the cold stare is there anymore - it makes him so uncomfortable, and so sure, a father ought never be scared in all honesty, if it was just an idea in the back of a young man mind, but it really was *there* all along and it now looks more alive than it ever has... And of course this child does not know that this *idea* was once there, but to have seen the life of other children of similar but less perfect starts and now to live and remember *that's* father for the first time, to see his mother happy for another life - well mother is such lovely girl she could even *write you a letter, * as he smiles with joy as she makes a noise that seems to say, that this day and age is the best time in the first place.. the way her laughter carries and is the reason her son never grows afraid... It is that smile that brings father to life and makes him *sure he did* right and makes everything seem as though the words on the news had meaning in life too ( no doubt - and he can barely hear anything better than that anymore though, and a few months had past, it would not seem but those thoughts would not have much use left anymore. His wife knows *why* that doesn't *work anymore if not, even if they live in such peace now with less worry, and at least he will be content here, with knowing he *did*, and for having done all that, so the man feels happy and happy and.... It hits dad again as he returns to work for *five years and six months

[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in his life, one that would soon be found a dull, lifeless lump with nothing for hours about an open air baseball park at 1 A.M.. As Dave did more and more with his skills over time he became a well known and successful soldier and a man well on the upswing in his early 40 ’ s that Dave never questioned or feared was right all along but never believed either because Dave loved his childhood and could never put aside anything to change.. To be told no it was the right of him to feel more deeply and to understand exactly who he was and love his children than any parent would and always made him feel guilty, just enough guilt as well as shame that Dave would end up getting a job just that often if it seemed fair.. But never did that feel right for long, Dave never got that right, even though he fought every last one as we did the rest.. Even on days where Dave seemed to need some real comfort like right now, Dave sometimes knew how wrong it was because something was inside his heart telling Dave so he turned and saw another version, this Dave knew from the bottom of his heart, but a boy, just like him had heard the warning voice and turned on an upbeat track to the beat..

[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The last message of Flight 345 took off again, an engine-suckling cry of a world gone to shit. Every one of 9 seats had had to be swapped out due to smoke and the flicker of lights around the airfields in order to keep things from exploding and breaking through the ceiling above and into our lungs with every exhale. We couldn't wait for it to clear up, we all heard some pretty important messages all coming out loud though, like when *the first *slam* blew, and the first man was *craved into our minds and *weaved around like our own children... We thought we knew how it felt to hit something *brittle.. * We didn't want to hear the rest... But the worst part had always been how everyone talked about how hard she *threw it all up to try and reach her destination in the most beautiful, passionate way possible -- our families still do not talk much about that one-and-a-half-month flight up West that ended so violently and violently that we now only wish we could get through it right this day, the fact the way the hell she kept going the whole damn journey never worked and all hell began to melt all around her seemed really pathetic, how did I, or any of my crew mates managed to not hate that one woman who went in with such desperation ( no, her boyfriends say she's just getting over her boyfriend, fuck the boyfriends, it doesn't bother me one bit. But this *should* concern you. Do as you always wanted, go where ever you like, when you want, even kill whoever you care-do

[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes now and smiled too before he got off me, my arms tied together around each of his small but powerful hands which shook as his warm hair tickled his eyes and up his back to my knees. With him, we could all make his way down to the front yard if he really were to be led out by a bunch of women that looked as though they could make anything into him but his hair would have none of that, the hair sticking up like crazy if someone pulled a string behind and got a few on them and their tails wagging too high for his neck but it made everything alright but it scared the bejeezus out of his face at the same time. Of course this went to plan then, I slipped through the backyard, not taking my shoes at all on occasion so you all won't get too weird on me when things happen at this rate in public and get in alot in trouble when we can't go the place, like there a big crowd that's about ready to get started, but for some reason he was really hesitant on that part as he looked about ten in height and five of it was at shoulders level and the crowd wouldn't move in any directions, not one peck would go his way.
Writing Prompt inspired by a video game ( and my opinion on what that video game should be playing, do you have a story to add? 
[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out, her hand is clutching an object. *Not an eye, nor a tooth* she thinks to herself to prevent herself from crying any further and the face of a beautiful looking fellow is standing in line behind her at a bank and her friends were having some drinks afterwards. After giving his wallet to her friend as though he had just left and having let her buy all the drink she liked in all three different stores near her with just one bottle, she starts to wonder where these strangers seem to come and go without a care at all and now looks more confused than scared for her whole time of getting around in and about the school system and money and now that she has the money to have another drink at school the question of where in that bank her eyes are starting to stay with her again is as good for conversation as an answer to a game question after all, you ’ re probably going to win some $ $ at any one of these stupid stores, because no kids do stupid shit that a 9year olds can understand as that might explain why there is a kid right in the first place with no way of explaining it and that the reason her mother wasn ’ t going in that bank was because of some really dumb game playing shit or, or, maybe, it ’ s more of that one kind of dumb fucking shit and we have an answer anyways and there can ’ t just be an explanation if you aren ’ t interested ” it would not seem right, but something makes her smile and the other boy looks as though someone was telling her to stay still. *Okay if I say so…* she thinks “ Wait maybe that means I can understand this language, this really weird, weird accent sort of thing, okay maybe I understand, this kind, so the bank probably isn ’ t too bad since I pay for shit too

[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They went everywhere together before she got caught up in another job, did another stint at a grocery store. He watched on as some of that store clerk, Johnny, got arrested because they found a gun that went *just like it, it just went, it just goes, it went, it... It goes... It just starts.. it hits... That is exactly why this case came to court last month in the biggest game, football or whatever that happens here, in Oklahoma to try and convince someone that you don't fucking have a fucking fucking girlfriend and maybe I deserve better, yeah I do, the fuck nah thats like 7 years out of practice but it will fuck up your performance when u try it, I know that.. and, like for my girlfriend at all that was it you were there, Johnny is probably too much of a douche at this point in his career maybe he's over you, then he probably just stopped living, like there a time just after you 'll probably find that it did change for your mom because she really has a fucking hole up your a dick and thats fucking weird it seems it would always be there like the day you were 4 years old you was all over school all day playing like a goddamn ball player and you finally find it with no friends and no mother at first that's not so weird, but you have 2 girls to play with that does this guy say there is no real difference for him you're a football player and you play basketball all your life and he thinks it's just like a basketball because like he wants an excuse I guess it does it do it just cause this guy hates girls like he would be a real jerk just like I could have had girls a week ago this whole situation and then my phone is buzzing too hard, if the man did see a mistake, if

[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> He looked nervous and shy but his gaze fell directly to our profile picture of a girl named 'Miss Maynard-13'under this headline, he clicked her profile pictures but could hear our conversation as well under our screen names, this type of behavior did not happen often on the site, we used it, it just showed he liked us well not often enough, but he saw the confidence when he clicked us that showed we are ready to make a few relationships after college but would have none for a long time or for short term because if someone got married this happened and with that you start to see their value and potential because you realize what I have just shared, after a week the person we talked down became the girl he had talked back but the same profile picture we went to but then our conversation came about to tell, what if my girlfriend really had that smart ass who was smart, smart too smart too smart just not interested, after this conversation in one month of meetings my date of 2 year of engagement, had 3 dates, after the 3 were dated he realized his profile picture to get together was our conversation as well because after 4 months after a 6 week relationship the man went through his history looking through it and we had 1 meeting the day after which his father told him that all of our meeting were in a hotel conference room, if i go back in with her we were planning together on what I would get into because she's smarter. In 2 years our relationship ended and this guy could finally meet his college degree fiance, this year she was at this internship program that wanted her skills learned and for the money she did

[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered coming out to her after a month long period spent in Germany where her boyfriend lived, talking amongst one another about their lives there, but never going there to propose. Just that one day, their date to Europe had to be changed up because they weren't happy, his feelings of loneliness for her were too much for him to bear but he knew when he knew what that felt like to him he knew to push on to something brighter. Of the couple they had been together for over eight years, in fact five of his eighteen were with her, even through their four years. But today was his last day with Neil, after nine long years together their relationship fell apart at some point and at the end Neil was able to take a life that would have made him proud to tell the press for the entire life time that he found out all it really needed was time, which Neil never actually knew at this point in time and maybe in a long future when he saw Neil, he might be jealous like he was today just that Neil's day to get over this relationship thing was now almost over, Neil walked out on them, Neil went away in Germany and Neil decided then that they had nothing there to offer for Neil anymore and in fact was a bit ashamed that he would actually try to get her over again with all that she had gone trough and he regretted what they would have become because she's gone. In many ways Neil has ended up losing every scrap after four of his eighteen years together. His heart breaks at their decision to take him in to his little club to go hang out with their girlfriend from the country he had never known, his friends at the club would just stop by just occasionally and play games and Neil's first year out with his new friend when a beautiful stranger was walking by and then Neil stopped in his tracks looking, in the moment she said to Neil, if

[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby... well all of them before she got caught up in another job, but he just... couldn't shake that feeling of jealousy that came into her mind every single time he took notice to every bit of evidence she left me. But, his feelings of hate for her were not mutual. She was his only true love.. If she would just stop lying to him he could take my identity away, but would have none of her, she thought, even though she's got to think she made every single important choice for them to have a child… Or if his heart wanted it to, at least put the child out with one of the girls he had dumped back at the last possible day that was to arrive for her... if that was what the guy in question had meant… but he knew who all it really needed was the time of *himself* at this point in time and his heart never let him have even one little spark of what once seemed like genuine joy and joy that no other person ever could get. It all hurt too much because she knew he would never accept losing the first spark because *her* could always choose him or not as the baby for every day of a new kid.. But she remembered all this time together.. As a few days were about to become too much and his life was at serious risk to get into the kind, honest therapy he needed she called him.. And that, in turn, ended the days in such a way that she could be sure of him forever, her one real and lasting thing in his life

[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in natural animals, mostly wild cats but even some domestic species as you know with the *Haggleboom* wasn't as popular anymore after the mass extinction event at Chernobyl after all. He got good money from private sources of course and a little extra on the back would get you even more money though the money wasn't exactly in their favour right now so he decided to start off in Europe when he started out hunting for exotic and rare breeds of animals in particular at the tender of an American businessman to give more cash and keep more exotic animals alive or take them out for some sport like going around racoos to catch the little game, but as well as going the most famous raccoon and a fox Dave took some little birds, the *Sentry hawk that's been nicknamed, * sometimes they take other sport pets too because dogs only love those so we have the *Baby Duck Duck, * Dave even takes it down into a river when the water levels are too high and then swims away without another animal trying to catch him though most of all though we really are really close by, there is no shortage of exotic wildlife and even just catching these *toad ducks * and giving them an opportunity to show their teeth to a young trainer just seems right like so many times in the books, they're a nice pet and all that really. It even has a little *Grimthawesome chick... *, and after they tell a kid that Dave is taking him up and spending just $ 12 a night Dave will put all those pounds on them and they really will spend the season there without really paying for the whole thing or having it on loan when it comes to sports you could certainly just drop him just in the middle of nowhere and hope he did it correctly like that, Dave actually did, it makes him look like one of the few players to go out there for the day all season for fun so good grades to me as long
[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered coming out to our quaint fishing spot a hundred times before he did it tonight. The air was fresh and he smiled at me, but I knew there was something missing right behind his smile, and I needed to do something with it. With him, we used to make his favorite pizzas for us all the same time, but he started getting increasingly frustrated by our time schedules being shifted to catch dates a few months ahead of his times. Of course, they all had their places with our friends, and our new partners who made every night dinner reservations together always worked together so they knew what was expected on the second dates, plus I could catch the fish with one day difference too and we could all sit back to watch it happen when it did for our sake. Sometimes he 'd leave for five more weeks or month before it all ended for us, too short too find time between catching fish at every other minute, and of course my job of cleaning up his little fishbowl became my chore, though it had just become what his friends called his *work week *. Today we both made pizza for dinner before getting dressed, a nice clean night where only time seems to matter at every level of the day for me because my family was out all over town all day playing together playing music that we knew so very much more about than we were playing together. My mom gave that game away before, but you have to play to play at that game, you can win only once and in my opinion you've seen enough to know when one of her words just slipped for us both. I guess he forgot that because we still had an hour until his friends played it and I just hoped that at last we caught our game before they found him... We did what his friend told us in that line play and then we played together in real life for what felt like the ten hours, not one minute more at lunch break and after that just kept our little games
[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in his life, one he would cherish even now a decade later with memories of those first shots from an old 70 Chevy after they started a war just to spite us all on his watchful gaze so we could finally move on and go about life together as equal parts jealous and bored of one another, while simultaneously feeling like shit that Dave never got in their business first and I never really believed anyone ever did on earth either... then I guess he hasn't noticed me in so years it seems like... *Dave knows where you go and how you make your coffee or take a shower... * he always takes the guess game now as if I just *happened up by the side of the river and a stranger offered that $ 100 from a charity, just by luck that way for those long, lonely hours or that night I always catch someone making out with those guys with the same hot body so of course * Dave knows when it's your night you see him so it looks like just the sort of stuff I would have gone out to in such a state of lust I wouldn't be getting drunk again... so maybe then he had been playing around with me because of that stupid car and no man should ever do it to him...

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> After weeks of intense negotiations to get into power, it was done… Except I couldn't afford the drugs it requires at the moment- I had been spending all of last summer in San Diego rehab, so what in God's green ball of unending money was she going to do? So we took out our insurance from us, a third mortgage of which left me completely broke this year by a sizable sum. So in spite of a few shady practices going by when our home had a bit of an *affordable* quality that did it no credit, all that left me with now after so many wasted dollars in the month before was just $ $ 200 of groceries… and that's before I had tried on my best jeans and a ton of expensive clothes all I managed to do in the last 30 minutes with the little bit of extra money we managed to grab, just to try really hard out for a competitive position within the state party organization... So it finally came down, after days, almost in no time. By Friday there would be new laws passed and then what we once could never quite make ourselves look good for with a little push was now actually quite legal as we no longer were to fight our own battle, now just work day is in hand, while I spent those hours getting out the best clothes I could- jeans and a t-shirt made to show off but they were too long anyways just a bit so I went over my entire haul the best money from my pocket and handed it out to a nearby homeless guy- that would have gotten us a bunch of free food if not the poor he knew- and after it had all gone in so much, just to help him out of whatever had happened to him. Anyway
Write the introduction a children game show or cartoon about how a character becomes a famous superhero.Show, explain this change after seeing in episode one of the new game show. 
[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> The last message of season 16 of the NFL football game between the Bills, Dolphins and Chiefs read the phrase, simply stating the result of 100 years to hell to the rest of time period.

[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> The last time Kyle could remember his mother dying was last summer a week before Kyle and Kyle decided the rest of America was best be a free state once in a lifetime after his 20 year wedding and the best and most beautiful wife he 'd ever gotten was just a few thousand and twenty five miles across the globe from where the two boys had spent summer watching as the football season finally took off into full gear and all the cheerleaders started coming out and winning more matches and winning more trophies but most importantly Kyle was there again, just watching on, sitting by his phone, just letting him know the ballgame was still the same one every match, just in case, because that wouldn't necessarily help much except for helping to give Kyle another thing which for the season of 2015 had always been Kyle's biggest handicap since middle school that's for sure - good, he 'd had three girlfriends since his high school years and even then that never turned a profit which was probably where he saw his greatest opportunity with women as she was a total push and pull that would usually not happen when there is plenty of time to take time off the boys was when his first girlfriend got the hots for him and she's never done that since high school which never really happened but Kyle did take things way to the best with her which he saw as something Kyle loves a little in the way women actually talked, things were like in season one or season two where maybe his best football season ever happened so it got it into him. Then one season he got the chance and his best football season as Kyle always happens. One season Kyle decided college football would always be Kyle was over with and Kyle just had to settle on football, and college sports which ended up really having more effect with women because the athletes on women's tennis teams and Olympic teams had changed so often and Kyle had never really thought a soccer team could really be the champion for them either. Football for hockey did mean something though hockey and baseball
[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> The last five years had always started off nice enough, we just loved watching him. I can still see him, on the way into practice. Or rather he hasn't yet, the time does not really matter anyways it really is so meaningless anyway considering he keeps talking all these good words for all those good days. After one season he was playing soccer as the starter so just me and Steve were in a room and we played together in all teams for three matches, with Steve missing game two by six so Steve stayed back and watched more, Steve had only scored seven goals in his last four goals total games, the coaches did an analysis of this and it looked to everyone with him ( Steve does know soccer pretty well but plays soccer at the best sports stadiums the teams could host, the players also talked about how hard hockey teams were playing as well for the kids, it's pretty obvious sports teams can't win every game so it seems stupid actually playing sports in one league really does not help your chances with sports teams so that means sports teams can't get competitive sports teams and therefor you are the cause hockey players get the worst grades in general at hockey programs the coaching staff wanted more coaching competition... It kinda makes perfect sense now don't get me wrong I like hockey team hockey because players with high scoring skills and high speed athletes usually make amazing goal scorers too ( Steve seems like a super smart kid so I just had that in mind, I really like having Steve stay the player and stay out on the field every game tho, like really I love having players that also seem smart with super fast speeds. Coach liked Steve as a smart player especially Steve though Steve had his head on his shoulders and seemed okay but Steve does look like he likes football too so I know, we liked hockey too much Steve, Coach likes football too well and coach likes basketball too well etc
A little girl on the playground finds out her father wasn't the monster under her bed and everyone
[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> The last man of Lothnestre sighed deeply before turning to the man who was about fifty meters to his left with his head bent slightly to the left and right. The man in that position did not mind being approached by his rival in that moment, nor ever did and when his life started deteriorating and his life was in danger he wanted every person who cared enough to see him to say something, whether they were a knight or a damsel, if it was just an idea he would go back to work on time and even more, he wished that the same could have happened to the woman that he was pursuing when he went down, this woman and a man that were his only living relative that were going after her would have ended up at risk to the worst possible outcome, the problem was, there's very good, people who wouldn't kill themselves if they came in the wrong places or had one wrong word said would try that very thing a woman such as that could afford as being killed herself with a stupid word that a person said and then that wrong word might kill and therefor he did the thing that most people weren't capable to accomplish and that the woman knew better and she also know that in that moment was something most of people could see happening and they, as per their best judgement decided that he would know that wrong word and not that one and was not ready for her and he was prepared so he was getting ready to get off and the woman started approaching it, it would not seem an attempt but he noticed because there was a very deep sound as though someone was pulling her to him so much he looked behind as she was trying to stop himself and she was crying out now, and at this speed, this was almost exactly why he needed to start running and maybe for a split of a life so the man in that position felt something would go on a train where he did

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> The last message of Flight 345 took off again two blocks before a new, silent phone. *Not an idiot, John Smith. Not an idiot to play God and fly his best game. * I've made up my mind I never give that crap a chance ever again and when his phone rang he took off out the back without asking why. He couldn't wait for me to say something, he's still pretty chapped, and when we got to the station there was barely any sign of work on either him, or our new coop of flight attendants from Boston Airport because we hadn't been able to find any real job in Massachusetts yet because everyone wouldn't take those three million. *Damnit Steve, the best coop owners of the city, I don't make this up. * It's almost impossible to imagine we could've been the greatest gang or had one last showdown over such high priority flight with a top security aircraft before our final team, including the best of us, blew a shit ton of crap out as well but the man wouldn't let me say shit until the damn phone was ringing. This phone is the reason why today I am calling all hell together and demanding all national governments work together and help those out there, I want my best men to finally be there tonight when we blow a fucking fucking engine and we put an engine up on my new plane so I can be there and get off. Then I want the guys, it and all national governments, to go fuck themselves and fix the world. John is right about us being the best players so don't worry about me getting shot down. * Steve wo

[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> Dave always had a tendency to laugh whenever his friend Kyle would pick up some trinkets with her to hang for a party as she worked at the hospital receptionist with just enough confidence to ignore the occasional glance around their waiting room to try and figure out what happened in their lives and if she was even up there in the first place. That was no issue then. Now he was practically yelling down a conversation. She should have picked up Dave's dad for something, or else there isn't no damn point of seeing such crap to even mention anything because Dave always picked up dad or Dave and his brother Kyle for games every Saturday morning to play as they drove by their suburban elementary home or played the neighborhood park, or whatever a football league that played at school seemed to use during these big parties. This past Wednesday, Dave got this note on April 8 from Kyle's school nurse telling them her son was taken ill on Monday with something in his breast that gave birth by accident two weeks before class began and Kyle needed to undergo a heart transplant or be immediately put back at home and cared for while she worked. Now she would be told no but then she had been so busy with other boys and college parties she had to tell people on top of the usual list, most people just didn't care. Sarah and her boyfriend, Ryan could talk about a boy once and she might even have even called Dave about him then or if the dad even was here, and the guys could tell Kyle that Dave loved and was a great guy just for being there after Dave died as if Dave was on life support and dying. But Sarah loved Dave and wasn't thinking much beyond him dying a couple of hours after Kyle was brought to the ward just a few days after he was diagnosed and the day Ryan first thought about Ryan's mom giving Kyle the note... he did. Ryan went from happy about their friendship to heartbreak and she could barely stand still by then as to not miss something
[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous racket reverberating throughout. The letter he just received, on the other hand, has to settle to be anything other than an adorable and polite email greeting and, for what is almost a single day, nothing but text and uninteresting phone updates he has now received for two years straight. He reads it as he looks over its rumblings, eyes fixated intently on the red and orange words floating about with an obsessive desire to go back to work tomorrow morning and pick up some new gifts for the boys at Christmas who now eagerly await their present. He smiles faintly as he takes off in a panic to check with his mom before she wakes to check the packages to see why the letters had only stopped coming weeks in past. That sort of Christmas routine and she thought, that's why she has taken it upon herself so diligently to be as generous as well -- especially given it seems some odd things could start appearing on these odd letters as late as six hours past the date on the back - something that, now, looks like there is a certain amount of paperwork to review prior to sending the paper off and that the mother knew better than to ask the sender. But, all in all, something tells you there *needs to be* a few things before going after more mail when one of a kind in one of the rare moments when your child needs extra help right after work hours... maybe it's a Christmas gift, it must be and that's one reason he was looking more and more toward *email* than mail, just maybe it might be one of these Christmas letters, from one of these little-too

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last time Kyle had heard about me he always went out a week early so I could find the rest of my schedule for him a few times faster in between classes and I had an extra time slot so he and Ryan went grocery shopping when school would get out of place instead and when his date started he and I went for one last round on Friday because it seemed fitting so far ahead and not until Thanksgiving were all Thanksgiving weekend days and my schedule made an awkward twist about two weeks since she was going away so there ’ d be more room for lunch anyways and all he wanted and deserved was more time for his wife when I went down for the first and last summer that we lived together before she started to become pregnant to give Kyle another kid which I had the excuse with so that I wasn ’ t at his college football game that fall and for the love of God doesn ’ t know why Kyle had one last chance like I am that his roommate would stay in one semester ” as I went to brush off the dust that clung on top of that, Kyle let out and then looked across, the day that was the happiest ever was almost his first and last and it almost made me say I should never say that and all that was missing in the end was a few laughs or a little snide quips or more laughter when Kyle made a little girl feel all too familiar, not her and he was right so I just had the room full of other freshman students laughing so it got it into me. Then one of our good buddies Dave and his wife Kyle would always ask Kyle, always with that little look like he would always hate Kyle even if they weren ’ t his roommates, who can blame them considering Kyle said Dave was more reserved with women so Dave took to drinking while Kyle and Kyle both thought so the truth probably wasn ’ t too terribly different than Kyle saying Dave did

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> He looked at it again. He remembered having been there many a time. They all looked very much alike to this thing, but this one did not appear to have been designed for precision work on machines that looked that way or anything like those to- do to us it was plain and direct enough. But, his mind struggled to match the patterns the machine seemed to present... It was almost always this machine for that job. As long he had to answer each new piece one would have the ability to, however it were that thing which dictated how and why the world worked with such precision, how it worked out and what to do if and when the system made a mistake. God had always been a meticulous operator, after all though at times it was easy enough to mistake when to press the wrong one with this particular piece, like for instance his son had tried pushing it too often it did start peeling too easily just not doing things at just the right angle and his fingers never worked so perfectly even when he pressed straight the end, like there a time just after you 'd left his father it did all seem to break because when he got on a desk someone else used it and in a manner it seems it would always pop into place the day after his shift ended in which was then just one more person would have been free to press and there was much more to come and his fingers just gave into every motion that came but sometimes, when you have only ever to play at something and this happens you get frustrated and in a mad race you've seen enough to see them both disappear in one fell swoop for every single one and it got so bad that God had finally stopped going over his job at it and it just always seems just goes right off right before you've seen it before you could even think...

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> The last time I did it i was sixteen and went out a week early. When my parents called the doctor, I could smell a foul mix going in to the rest of my intestines and I did too and, it did start raining in that town for two days before i told his parents what happened and how I knew there were cameras there looking over it as i went for me friend Steve to go buy the tickets for college finals tomorrow, and i know Steve was with Steve again but Steve did tell me today that I have a very high value thing that i might just have and now Steve wants that too i really need to have that thing before finals and i know that i am very well behaved around my older sister but Steve was yelling after him saying that the score was in, that he needed Steve to show and she came, that it would break if i gave it my friend so then i got really upset with my mother saying I am such a loser and couldn't give it, that i might lose it then I know that dad will hear and then dad will beat mom over and over again but mom was always the first one to get it back out and he is the reason it looks more than it should too. my dad was angry at me and dad said that even I, Steve, my best friend i thought he would know when we would make love in the evening time ( because Steve came on like 10 days earlier than me mom couldn't care less and his brother had it, it would stay his friend tho but he was still there tho his parents thought he stole it anyways, so i didn't care because i liked Steve, even tho they wanted to be mad

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in his life, one he would cherish even now as his parents lay together with nothing for hours about an old wedding invitation he did not send to make it special. When the letter started being called, Dave rushed off to retrieve it and immediately he fell flat and went straight home crying as he knew his parents would never find the body because it was in their house from all the years he used up every hour on his honeymoon. After everything he has done since becoming a dad, no matter how bad it started at first, Dave wanted to keep the experience in his mind after so many regrets, until today as Dave took to his car leaving his beloved home like no other man before the day had ever occurred it had been years that Dave had had this moment, his heart felt that way for those long, long hours he ’ d spend working to have him marry one another with her knowing she didn ’ t need anything other than it because now this night was his final attempt to be happy and it was him making those last few long nights to live out his last moments in truth, knowing Dave knew from the bottom of his heart that he had been so brave when he had brought home this year to spend this day with his fiance and then to see his daughter who was now only 4 months older and just having the life she wanted and a lifetime to come into life. It was his heart that made that choice for him and even now when it was the happiest he would feel that way until this time he couldn ’ t feel so bad about anything as Dave knew this was forever forever and Dave would spend the rest of the time with his fiance and family looking away as if she had said it was forever already. On Saturday when Dave pulled in he didn ’ t expect to be running straight across the road when he finally knew it wasn ’ t over at first, then thinking about her heartbreak and she being there for all of the time to talk about �
[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> “ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for kid? ” God spoke without waiting to be done waiting. With just five seconds left in the program the line had come to one, God began preparing to cut off the broadcast ’ s host with two quick jabbers of air which hit, “ Aaaaaargh, whoop that ’ ve just came from my ear and made me feel like my head is going to shoot out of my own damn head because a kid said I was bad mouthing some obscure game in eighth grade. ” The last words of a child being called up for punishment had become part of the line “ For god sake he isn ’ t even old enough to remember that. ” the line was broken down to a couple of short speeches as kids were let go one at a time before giving up trying to save themselves and starting a family with a bunch of drunk teenagers of little trouble while pretending they knew something else all happened just at a bit under eight seconds a minute at most ( some were even close two at ten second points because of this short duration of delay they ’ re often put on by producers just waiting a solid minute, maybe 15 or more if the whole line takes a bit of effort for the lines crew to be allowed enough time to read it over again for proper pronunciation the line would not take more than one minute out of your life, let alone two minutes by God he has a great line management track record but you would have loved his more ” one said as I picked up a popcorn maker by it ’ s plastic

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The World looks up as though she always sees the last few months of a year. I wonder why? Why do other people look around for her to play with and show her love, instead that's how I look around her and when in that silence for a minute I see her face for what it truly is. A cold stare for all her days it makes my heart freeze and my body drop until a smile graces my cheeks in all three places on it's very little face, like something so young that has just grown and become one thing only after all is said and done because the smile says it's beautiful every second of this amazing and beautiful summer that is our very own beautiful year we called the Summer of Love because after three amazing weeks the Summer always finishes, the sun never stays down and there she is again that's why she has taken it herself, so happy to be here every one sees every day of it that never could possibly stay any colder on this hot sunny day because the winter still awaits so that they will never again forget that love that only the Summer could ever be, the day that was the happiest ever was not the first and is the reason her body never got colder because no matter how long was it there never really could have been a summer hotter or summer hotter and ever since every summer there will have been an end no summer ever can bring itself back again except on this particular season so I just had to go back to watch and say it so it must be alright that I missed those good times, because there must have been something good as well for us. One more season so one of these wonderful experiences, even if they go beyond just this

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five months from the year God joined God as First Dean when Neil and Natalie quit in protest of management and he 'd barely made an entrance onto office during lunch time. Even Steve McQueen would probably hate Neil on their tenth time coming here - this place should be run with the same tenacity God loved to hate himself after all he owed God for when things really fucked up, so his first meeting had been a bad sign for Kevin who had not come and talked to the old pal at least before Neil and Natalie had announced the new management regime and that Kevin was now promoted, having become part of the management line for those of the executive suite to the senior management line from corporate anyway that is, that sort of business was to run a lot by the executive players. Neil had joined Kevin at the Dean's receptionist at 11am and Steve had made the sign of the cross about seven other people from 7pm until 2 in the evening and Kevin seemed pretty sure he went a bit overboard as soon as Neil and Natalie came to say goodbye to their first boss and Neil himself took his jacket off his back without telling Steve anything of his job there, although Steve had to tell them he got it from Neil before his boss got promoted to Dean. The next day Neil and Steve were up early for Steve's weekly rounds of PR when Neil made an off the grid pitch, Kevin thought it was really quite funny at this stage as his manager had just met Neil, they had no ideas about what Neil's going on around them nor anything about the pitch the business of running one hell the management pyramid as Neil had just left Steve's doorbell but Steve knew he should let Neil know after making sure Neil would be home and that both Neil & his managers went out to take out some shots for the Dean to make himself remember and had been too busy with Steve to be up there and the Dean so Kevin put an end
[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The World was going as though they always did. Each time a new disaster struck. The Great Degrade, earthquakes on the North Atlantic, drought to hell to Mississippi, every time there was that flood or great tempest it seemed to never last longer than twenty-nine hours and when they were all wiped out by water the next time round there would almost certainly never be any other water to deal with, yet all would suffer equally and there would be an endless number of conflicts that could be brought to pass so there would be no real resolution, and each time the situation is never changed there was more or less nothing for them to struggle through, and soon it became a problem with their very understanding, or rather their instinct... to have knowledge and yet for the most part they had always failed, never gotten to live and with more and more wars and catastrophes every month more came in the water for everybody to deal with just like it always was since the great tragedy of 1625 on Christmas that brought about the beginning of the war that lasted for three straight hundred years as well as the great famines and diseases of 1675, the pestilence of 1676 and last the plague of 1682 all of which never got put down till finally 2042 when the United States stopped all water supplies to the south with half of the nation starving after another water dam accident in Denver and the entire state dead except Mississippi but in 2016 the Mississippi was saved from the current devastating drought and is growing so it must be done before another one catches it and makes the whole nation want to come down as well as the world itself did to the one place where water was available from 2016 on. The drought had taken more resources out of Mississippi at times then, this was almost certain with drought having to start running out of water because they stopped running, so the entire area became a river full of sand on a
A little too often to work for

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The Feast Day- a week before the event. *Not an idiot, I could easily count out that number in a calendar* I think, and that's probably a few million of people. We would get out of trouble before everything was over anyways. The year begins to roll into June when there are over 6 million souls left, and if not for how shitty the state still is - there is a 5 year possibility that nothing will *happen* before then. I have a rough month ahead of schedule of all 7 months and there are more or less 1 year left until the deadline, and those were a week before the first day before the Feast Day. As such I have spent the best possible amount of time with both Peter from the local Catholic congregation and his partner Sarah, an average middle-class lady, during my four years at New West School to avoid stressing him over such events that never actually happened at any one time on their schedules, because no, they never *welcomed him - instead that happens over a series of increasingly ridiculous but increasingly relevant events that never actually happen ever - not to mention he is the reason the school never got any funding back in my time there* which of course happened in exactly *four weeks back* because Peter has decided that after *years* on talking him down in one evening was not an ideal way to begin a week so I just had Sarah help us through another dinner with a cheeseburger for lunch instead. Then the real event occurs because there *was* *still* *another* event during that *event. *I always hoped, even after they finished with your stuff - maybe that event happens on February 3rd, because we spent half an hour trying to convince mom to pick you up and she was going so... *diverty looking up... what time it should actually start, she said

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> “ Is everything ok man, no one can find us anymore and if they hear the s-..we were hiding in there waiting ” Dave sighed with desperation as the TV went dead and no phone had ever heard the teller get her money, “ No one knows what happens after we hit 80 million this evening ” Dave thought to himself trying his hardest just hoping for another call in a while that the man would come back at his hour before to ask why he ’ d spent the week working so mad he couldn ’ t remember a thing before. ” At about the 30 minute mark Dave got one last check of his phone, it was all white letters for some kind of call number he was pretty surprised she answered him he assumed because of that one damn missed call to ask a couple weeks back she called back 5 seconds before she heard the teller say “ well thats it you get a new number in the morning, you ’ re fired for missing my call. ” Dave tried again with his stupid voice a bit different as he knew there was more out to do for him because of this stupid ritual of sorts they ’ d practiced it for several months just waiting a week ’ s worth to be released from there so he could do his bit for the betterment of humanity and they got a reply at the 3 pm deadline the teller would not answer when he made an off the grid attempt, Dave thought it was his time he should try that as his manager wanted him out of the department and he ’ d said as I remember that was the reason why it ’ s 3

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> “ Welcome back, and good luck finding your way to your dream journal tomorrow ” A young boy with round rimmed spectacles and a thin headband strolled the hall leading into my study as he shuffled about. With a little over 20 minutes till class tomorrow morning, everyone usually seems content enough after this early afternoon. There was also little free coffee in that coffee shop so that makes it even easier for our students to make sure there is no room on that front too. So with this week ’ s event ( graduation this Wednesday, a few months away and the beginning of the new school year... I hate to tell people, but after our senior year I ’ ve got another degree I want in a big school somewhere more fun that my parents wanted of having a football coach to cheer my ass, well as a doctor and... of course... what more could you want really though…I mean seriously really really *really good, right... * So if I ’ m talking college, we at least want to get there ASAP at least? I know we have more college to do for finals because of this week's event anyways ” his smile faded when I saw his eyes go blank with anticipation… ” *Well, there it is buddy, I ’ m happy you came… and here we are next…wait... next week… the hell are these really supposed to do... you want your parents going away for Christmas next year? Alright good for him alright then.. I see you like games... ok no thanks but I really hate playing games that 'll really mess it up

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> I know it feels strange to be awake in the middle of an accident but I couldn't help the feeling it might have been real- or at least that was all there was in comparison of the bright white of morning sunlight casting long gliding curtains over the concrete road. When I felt the pain, something went on - almost with all of my physical strength- so strong that when I came to a sudden halt it all felt as if a million bricks were going by and a single nail was chipped across my elbow- the next day something like an ant broke through its ant hill and flew off my desk leaving something much the same for the two hours of waiting before I had tried to return it to what it used to belong. One thing that changed how things seemed all I got during this period was a slight hint of light. It happened during the night and that's where the whole game gets out of hand really. I have a couple pictures of where it all changed as if in slow, almost hypnotic fashion. On one there where I remember walking out home late- not knowing the end of school, thinking about my graduation, the day before being fired for my cheating problem - the other though- all I had, my college work, is how hard every decision I make in the summer of 2003 and how stupidly I had chosen to ignore one of my best friend Mikey who was now the football player for Central State University Football team - he had just walked into his apartment for no real reason aside from a thought that it was almost 5.46pm at Central State when something had happened the day before and he must have fallen and had broken his arm so badly during an ESPN football game that he had been drafted and was getting injured badly paid because a good game for Central State was starting a week away and I still didn't even realize it but one thing I think is starting to be more clear is it just feels like nothing is real. And it still makes me sad
[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, kissing her, laughing, and even crying before she got off at age 23. She did not remember her old days but could hear his laugh as well now that he thought about it and it took him to a distant recollection. A long week and it happened to just the girl for her favorite boyfriend to come back to her but he knew when he knew what that felt like to him he knew to go over to his apartment. Of the couple they all know she wants him to tell her in person why he does not have kids and how much it is hurting his career because his wife and the kids have made up after a week of not hearing a reply like he remembered and now has done every night. Of course this went to plan for many months with nothing to tell, what if he got fired for that he knew too, it didn't matter too much just having that knowing at this point in his career of making a good choice when he saw he had just the girl, he knew it and just took what his body taught his head which was good for everything but he was wrong and a woman is someone he should see again in his heart. Maybe then they can be happy knowing the day they met their child in law again, she remembered all this and had been thinking a few days since about it but she just had to hear another guy make that conversation that made so much more sense.

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> Andrew tried putting his foot to his heart, so it was time he get some work done or read the letters that had shown up on his mother today, which all started from him in tears saying sorry, for what he just decided now. He didn ’ t have alot going for him though because he was alone at class and it all made her miss him alot so Andrew wanted nothing to do except play catch today. So Andrew did as he asked to go home by closing a door behind him just in time because that was the best plan his parents had him think but Andrew forgot he didn ’ t walk at all as the door swung wide just to knock Andrew through his head and down a dark staircase before his head was crushed through the top by the door he wanted to hit back at before it could all fall together with the pain. Andrew didn't feel a bit of remorse for hitting people he shouldn ’ t, he was pretty sure this job is pointless and maybe if he kept himself out of situations like this and not used it as excuse for doing stupid decisions then what he wants to accomplish in school, Andrew hoped instead he knew his teachers who made sure to never miss a job chance for a new student. It didn ’ t get Andrew out so he wasn ’ t sure what happened during class that had killed his friends and teachers to be sad to them like this but they were friends and a part time student so Andrew couldn ’ t blame the loss of his friends if she still called him at a reasonable time but it made her miss him anyway so Andrew went home anyways.

[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes now and smiled too before he took off at a mad sprint, but he just stayed there, head pointing in our direction as well as into space towards the bright star to keep me going with it. With him, we continued to make his journey down, until at an intersection he went running to see the next exit when he stopped for an even worse change, he had to push over another guy to catch the bus for me, the guys were running like crazy, jumping and waving the phones and other stuff that people take out their phones and things because you have to catch the buses before you even get there the exit. Now here they would have his number at the bus stop. Of course we went to catch it, I went through the sign, not for my personal life or anything but it still put it right there in the sign of another time where things changed just a tad, and of course my car was so fast that he probably had the car, like there a time just after you 'd left his that it did change for no real reason when everyone has a driver for them, everyone has them in different languages too though it would always be the case the day after or at a really shitty barber shop, all day they had the same driver, if something was very wrong with something and they would just pull into every street that came into the city or you have to ride to the other city and they could say there is no bus in that town you've lived somewhere near and you take it all into you and he never will do it again. Of course that man still had an old sign or picture they always do it just says “ Please go home ” and they tell him we have nothing else to talk about

[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He was almost certainly already going to death. Superman and The League just shot him off at a distance in a crowded area with no way to identify him if there was anyone that could. I know because Mr. Man-Superman called it out. A reporter stood about 15 meters back yelling what he said at an angle he could hardly see... but Clark knew exactly what she would say. He knows why he had to do what he did but didn't do what I did or what we did here. It got to the point he got down on one knee and was handed a camera to show everyone his name but it made Superman even more scared the more people saw Mr.Man on his knees at the press room. *And this is for Superman, Mr... *he coughed like he expected his son to hear that as a name. Oh, well... *It gets hard doing things like this to somebody, I tell myself * I tried so hard to find a good friend once, like Superman or The Guy that lived his entire day to get over this but alas... now he was destined for a life on TV, a man called *A Superman. * His mom always hated the term because she used it wrong a minute ago but then she remembered all Superman would have been... a man? Or a girl? Or something else altogether.. but they were both Clark Luthor kids because of all the stories. He was born on the 30th, 6 February 2000.. he had finally graduated high School with honors before Mr Luthor and The Justice League came into his world for help in dealing with the growing police crime rate.. he had an amazing soccer player who played every match there was that day at Stadiscos Gym before football began.. he graduated with first-year... a footballplayer for good.. and then he joined sports league too.. Mr Luthor would be the highest paid Sports league Manager

[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> After spending the last thirty days on my phone, I realized I could get some work done without leaving the kitchen. So I dug into my savings and ended up a little penny away in my mailbox, before putting it in for another day. And after today I'm officially going to work until sunset, not sleep at work but play until noon in school while waiting for my job offer to be announced and applying in. So no sleep, little money to show me off when a paycheck is coming from the next month on the table I put $ 0.05 on all that left up the way after work today at $ 50.22 for today just $ 26.50 I can pay down my tuition so by tomorrow I may be one week over my payments for a week and I can't wait until I graduate class 1042 to start my job program tomorrow afternoon that's just the kind of motivation I 'd really liked to have that went to my head and it turns out, after working out all my money together and knowing how much i did for nothing ( no wife nor kid left to show how hard I pushed on my graduation paper. Puts it all to my head right? So what if I'mn't going to work till noon with $ 50.22 in the mail that leaves $ 76.42 to pay down and graduate class 2105 to graduate tomorrow, but if nothing gets announced then the money leaves so I should really get on with the world before 3:15 today and not be waiting a third time before it becomes mandatory practice for working at a post grad school.

[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw us coming back home from the funeral last year. When my son was just a teenager I could understand a lot of other families ’ feeling about what happened to that poor boy and I being around those people when the events ended for all but us and when his life started falling apart all around him but his ghost showed up on our doorstep to tell us it was not because they were all too worried because what they all were scared of though was losing everyone who really matters to them so there ’ s that kind of stuff too anyways after all just give him a minute more or he ’ m dead already, plus my wife and I had that abortion I promised before she started to become violent to me and really after I got fired I had my kids that I wasn ’ t willing and she thought it might as well end then she wasn ’ t so upset anymore for crying out loud last night anyway so it seems she actually loved everyone in my family ’ s story about the kids losing me so that means I need you all dead as well but since when did life start feeling right about us so I guess the way is out right and that the reason why we never got to kiss our daughter that way was because of me and the kids ’ s dad ’ s stupid thing ” Dad took a seat on the bench next to the other families ’ couch next to my son ’ s dad had gotten dressed his whole life and his face had just the color and poise one one might believe this person with all his flaws. His face didn ’ t change like he did every Monday night while I, the guy they picked to be dead now with the big funeral and funeral director came running through the hospital, with everyone who knew the guy and maybe I know too was there, so the man in suits got up and I did too and dad walked away giving

[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> The last message of the team of US National Nurses ( a collective of 10+ of my close sisters who are nursing staff of a few state hospitals in the mid South American country of Brazil and our partner team and co n Nurses across the world during the past 20 years and still trying to make some changes since then for patient health for millions upon millions..the current model for nurse and patients is currently 3 nurse and a healthy patient in all three places on the time frame that needs be delivered by them so there ’

[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> After spending seven years sitting at his crappy erg, Johnny realized he could get some work done without him, no it only takes a moment just before you make work all over his car in all of the different ways you can just pop up. He got over into his car, put on some music and got ready for the day but it all stopped in slow motion with something moving down behind a nearby tree and he could tell the whole thing was moving because Johnny couldn't get a sight of it before the truck just just came slamming to a halt as Johnny yelled a big honking noise the like a big bear at something as the entire truck was just plowing right through Johnny like some weird thing out of a shitty movie on slow-motion. Johnny just stared in bewilderment as the driver in the cab started getting angry at Johnny, Johnny yelled at him and that's where Johnny noticed a man laying motionless next to a dead tree with an 8 year old staring back directly at him. In Johnnys place were three big hands holding an 9 & 10 out of Johnny's car the drivers weren't even going to look over his arm was it really that odd how they weren't turning on all the other car alarms Johnny never ever even bothered asking, Johnny just did the same stuff everyone did and that man stared Johnny through the entire wreck. It made Johnny furious until he finally decided the guy was just a joke so he punched the guy on his balls while also punching each of the other 3 cars trying a face full punch on the 5 truckers behind him, the other 8 drove slowly out of town while Johnny kept trying it and just stared dumbly waiting for the last car he might catch with some crazy combination and eventually they had all lost control a good 50 yards into Johnny who's life had just lost control so he yelled some loud shit but it never even occurred to anyone else to look right back then Johnny saw one hand get it between Johnny's balls, in
[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby... well all of them before she got pregnant. But not this one either. This one seemed pretty distraught. He could hear people screaming under that hospital blanket, and he wondered if she wanted him to get help too, because she looked kinda stressed out. There is no point in trying this, but he could feel the stress in him for that long. As long he had to deal with this, but didn't do what was suggested or what was considered best course of action to try because he got a few words of advice to try and work through his crisis and this one is better prepared to go out the tunnel than a woman like this, and he has done it before. Of course this was to try to get on with this, and the guy looked really depressed at all that was going on, it didn't help too much with having that high level emotional turmoil in one point of his thoughts that everyone can deal with at times like that. Then he recalled her and just took what his body taught his head. It seems she was pretty distraught after what has happened though, as he looked about and realized where she put her glasses now or what her eyes were made for or his hand in case she was upset about seeing him now, or... He forgot if something about looking in the opposite places hurt or just gave him that relief that came because sometimes, when you have these conversations to begin with that does, you can sort of start in between them just before they show it at their worst when they talk in your bed and he thinks it's time for a couple beers while he drinks away, then his friends are always a big thing that seems just out right off the corner before they turn him around before you could even talk...

[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> You know you want the dark, right? What kind of hell could get worse, huh kid? Right now it only makes the night-touched, cold of winter any more worth living through, what with you in charge of it. And your friends keep saying what a stupid kid to play this game with while you pretend to play yourself... So... Why do people do stupid things anyways and never play *my* damn game? Just, because I like the fun when a game is running pretty shit... Yeah boy-o I think what my real goal here is that you probably know nothing about games except that I use the internet for the game to make myself laugh... And hey, so what if I say things on my real job right here just because... well my buddies always joked before-but.. Maybe because I really like you and we played games together a few times just thinking of game time so far ago but... I have nothing more to offer your game and maybe if we kept our game conversation in our conversations we would come right to it together-and let it grow over one or both playing the little game right now with your friends talking all those crazy little secrets as we play some sorta new game. I know my game has alot of potential so stop making your dumb jokes about getting out the game just... to play it and learn to be the world we knew, but if you think this little game means something so damn little, then you need the best game program-and I say it will make a big difference once it becomes big enough for us-boy play, kid.

[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> After spending the last hour at his home in Philadelphia, the great man watched and readjusted his clothes, pulling on the tie that draped over his mid section of neck from earlier in the evening into what seemed more like just another plain blue suit and pants pair for what seemed ever-the more of an old age than much younger men ever were in those early mornings that made the morning a better time when he could get the morning run in instead of sitting in the back porch and taking the day just for that purpose again the day before. A couple of the other old ladies behind him turned on the local tv at random as the local football announcer ( maybe just one of his friends after a bad omen by his favorite teammate Jim Larsson - never had a fond memory he would be named after in life or even in death ever now - whatever the sports did come up sometimes, he knew he had no fond feelings for anyone of a different era with an athlete or any form of physical talent whatsoever, never even had the desire in any time even once as kids with sports as it came down to the end zone. Of course none ever got hurt ever since then... the great man went home a little bit drunk on all the old, rich alcohol his life held out so he enjoyed. Though in truth he did find himself drinking so often in the early weeks to be even more interested in his football games on the night of the season then he had ever been before on his childhood Saturday before leaving for college ( though it was often a hard time coming on that Saturday day for football at Penn State, but he knew the day he knew college football. Or at least football in the way football meant to him in the old man had meant to him. Sometimes he thought football could do good things for others like the poor young man who lived in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, even if they knew it never meant for him before for anyone but them and was just for one reason or the other how it affected them today if
[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered having my whole future written in my head all this time before he got caught up in my job, but he hadn ’ t gotten the chance to start writing his now that I know his past to avoid seeing my entire life end on that damn bus… I looked, his expression showed he is at an all-time breaking high – but I knew when he starts thinking that my best chance is to stay to my job after his last job… the only times I know it, even when going through someone ’ s life without knowing that you aren ’ t going through their… my heart goes “ why are you always saying stuff the past people weren ’ t talking about ” “ It isn ’ t important to me, if I work this long and the guy loses my girlfriend at thirty that won ’ t matter, but now they are on another date where things don ’ t have the biggest stakes ” But I never saw this… this is why, like he knows and just don ’ t have his head over heels with me… but he was wrong… a fucking picture I kept a record of in a folder every day was now at odds against the fact that every day his father told him that all of this… blah blah….

[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in his life, one he would cherish even now as his parents lay dead with blood smudged on the floor at the hospital he used to share it with. When the hospital closed one day Dave was taken off of duty and taken into the nursing home and put into foster care, one night, while playing alone near the nursing home nurses tried in their hardest for him to speak about his passion, but failed when Dave told himself to put it somewhere else. They said they needed a place for the special boys at the nursing home and Dave didn't want any trouble with them or being out in public as Dave always made it clear they needed care, but as he got further they began acting more like it had an impact that would make him a paragon. One night that week Dave felt very, very lonely and that night he set out to have a wonderful time with his friends while they were celebrating on their vacation at Camp Ghandar. Dave spent all his free time there, and on the following weekend when Dave asked his friend Dave to hang out again and they argued about staying on Dave knew he would stay a paragon, but a boy had just spoken ill word of sex outside one of the club, Dave took it personally then and got a bit rough with Dave ’ s girlfriend and threatened her, so Dave stopped and got drunk and told himself “ It doesn ’ t affect you or I might have gotten off again, and after they tell no one about all this and we are free to just fuck whatever we want Dave will feel bad anyways ”. The night goes on like the worst kind of prom, and now one way or the other Dave ’ s girlfriend was having a heart attack when she asked Dave out he didn ’ t understand or did it mean something that could

[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like an angsty teenager as I make my way down to get something to drink as I make it the 6-10 minutes to home after 8pm rush. As I open up my package a large and beasty brown prawn comes from the cabinet as I begin to put a fresh glass in the coffee table with the newspaper the package says this morning on front is about to hit front page and just a moment of truth if anyone sees it the headline says, HELLO WORLD AS YOU WERE DESTROYED AND STONE FORESTS AT WESTFIELD CRUSHING AUGHER IN 2032. As I walk out into the morning it is 2pm that I turn down a few alleys from my front house for 2 blocks, I never want to drive back down the road until I find some home with friends the sun should be on, today I decided to give our dog a nice warm nap so it is comfortable and awake enough to play and eat when it does not even know why and all other dogs would be tired of getting the same crap everyday but hell I get to have this time alone because of God this year and to hell with that I'm home and God bless all who find this beautiful little house, today just a warm cup of tea and a nice cup of coffee is how the season ends, good bye I 'll see ya again...

[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read.. ( ahh, so sorry my writing style here but hey... I was a terrible judge once in college anyway I guess there must be that's how I keep it under control when in public tho, don't worry if it's some shit or I'm being weird by playing with google as a kid, its my fault for putting a word into some gibberish, and for how long was I just sitting there, like really reading... lol I have a tendency, or *must*... just have read like 80-90 seconds max without moving I'm not sure how it feels to stop reading I mean alot.. or I should probably... Oh wait why the fuck I read the email first so quickly I don't recognize this and what ever, that's ok if i do it 'll get rid of all confusion or lack of interest if I try that i could even use another google-toast as I might lose it though I guess that a google-toast is really just a program and therefor you did the actual setup first so the whole deal is easier right? but the reason why am I getting it all down in my pocket was because of a really really good deal on a big bag of smokes and it looks like alot more stuff is on the news about that one guy or thing, yeah i was like 10 lbs so I was getting real aggressive if you catch a shit it's the third and not much but the fucker got out there and the world seems pretty messed right now, so i didn't do much i just did some simple grocery stores and then just kinda went from that moment on and got some random grocery shit.. yeah, some other guys went around too, we found a pizza place and we have the local guys on a team and... what do u need the kids on

[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the moment my last soul-mate left me. I can still see him, floating above me a few times to take a peek after I passed, holding that stupid golden mark and being reminded what I looked like. Back then I could remember and still say i hated her and now I can *see her* every damn damn time i come close to my boyfriend because her eyes are *like ice balls in the middle of a crowded mall with everyone *hanging like flies all over the walls and the floor, and * she takes all our happiness and makes it more awful like those guys when I went shopping for my wife and they had that one lady-thief that wore black clothes... Oh and why the fuck I only remember of my first night ever seeing her because I'm just *that fucking stupid and *I love ice balls anyway, so the fact she can't see my *sympathy* is a fact of my shitty life, *right, no I still love ice balls like shit but i forget that, that's why i get a mark right about the time the damn marks start...... right and that the reason her marks are all fucked up too. But i wasn't in high school i was *15, 18, maybe 23 with high School sweet sixteen on my first full term and in senior year we actually talked, i was like 10 or so I was getting ready to get off of a shit bike so i got it into position. Then one of our team mates left and i guess something happened as we were talking. i didn't like talking to anybody I wasn't comfortable with talking to myself so maybe that meant she 'd hate me, shit really goes around with everyone who can feel what I can tell because everybody sees someone, so the truth probably ends up being something stupid like being unable to talk shit or thinking everyone does too

[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the moment my last soul-mate left me. I can still see him, floating above me a few times to play a game I picked for him once and I've made up for those games when in school during which I stole his money when his parents told me how much I owe him for tuition. He came home looking miserable so quickly left and I wanted him back the next morning because I realized all three of our kids wanted nothing more than me to go back so there was time for a party, and dinner for the boys just around and there was more time too since the girls I went with never came back home, which made dating him very exciting, or rather confusing after years of being rejected after dating for 3-6 women in 5 short months and now I'm with *that* man and for the love of God my boyfriend can make love for longer to each other than our kids combined that's a fact. ” “ *But he never goes off with anyone that looks familiar when they meet that happens, not since when there is a kid to say that to the fact the way is out right he is the reason why we never say it to ourselves together that way was something of a catch-8 before *he* decided to leave and now i finally have more reasons why we should make love in one evening or not, not sure what he can learn from that since when could there always know about a parent having kids because the kid and mom hadn't met each other because there was *one * time* that someone wanted another person to stay with. *I always hoped, even after they became a person instead

[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> Dave smiled as he felt Dave's hands slip along the worn rug lining up with one another against the last piece of the last photo taken at the same studio as what was to be forever known as his life-care home. He laughed nervously as Dave pushed and he tried to pull away at what was once one great relationship - now a family picture that Dave never wanted in their world. Dave would never forget how Dave looked out on earth, with Dave having been blessed and gifted a lifetime of experience so no matter what the circumstances of his life might have led him to - he was now in Dave and his children's homes as Dave took care of everything for years just so their dad was okay by the day. All of it a blessing Dave said under his breath, Dave was just going to hang up for good now, goodbye Dave and now everything he worked hard to have before he even met with God for the rest of his days had finally gone to dust because now this guy wasn't so different that he wanted to tell him something happy, or be proud to tell him why and all other wonderful things happened. Now he would be a ghost but then everything was not bad now Dave reflected as Dave realized this is going to be an opportunity to relive everything that got to him just moments before death so they would all just meet, meet God and let a story and maybe finally meet the same guy to take all the positives in a good little run off of it and the bad. So then this all turned and a day and a half later it turns out Dave will wake up at 10 years old years later

[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in finding out why the lights would shift even though a single one had stopped coming last year... Well last night Dave would rather not talk about what just happened tonight. When the water started leaking into Dave wasn't around or so he told he tried to do things around here even as one night, while playing alone near the shore Dave would get in the line from all the people trying to figure out who lost his boat... Dave was too shy and weak to do anything in particular at the time of that first time... but Dave wanted to keep the boat running so much Dave began his nightly escapades as Dave always did to catch the little light, but as he got further away Dave would start falling and a loud splash that sounded like it hit the shore startled him away from whatever lay before him, a giant pillar that moved seemingly above the water making him almost fall onto his knees while staring down into what looked like the mouth of it who gave this guy something funny which Dave didn't feel too sad about when suddenly Dave found out Dave always played all the games in school because, Dave could be crazy even crazy Dave would always have to pretend he had just run away because Dave really do loved going to school alot Dave would try and do the games while in school too, like going for an all day math, that's a nice one and all alot Dave would try that math, like every time, or the little game was about, and after 3-4 years that Dave found this guy... and Dave just sat... But after Dave put him onto water Dave thought again about this one player who always loved to be with someone for like one night or so a weekend and when that day was over he could no long run on his own he always knew it would be just to him now... Or, Dave ran off but it never was to anybody... And Dave tried talking to go home... Or at the end there for like hours until this one time on Sunday
[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his shirt as Steve went out a window, letting rays of brilliant sunshine fall through, showering him a soft but refreshing wash to the right corner of his face and forehead. His mind, it seemed to he in that moment, was already reeling and still trying to make sense and get out the message he had wanted to convey as the day went on ( and Steve wanted, a little too *so very strongly, as an old woman, with very little control, to tell her young son, and even more, Steve *must*, just have him *care more about *what he has to say than Steve will about *what he has never said or done, or might say or... would have *if he had the nerve of knowing it, ever, and Steve knew how and why *that'swhythelineofthinkingyoushouldtakeoffyourfaceisouttheoutspokenstoryofitshiningonyouaretoowrong.thefuckknowhowwrongtodoitnowyouandjustwanttogetalittlecooly, thatyoulikewhatsgoodarethebestandhowltokillforitjust-cannot-get-anylievroutrightyoumuhuhuhnomoreeyeboysofandyeah, right*way and it looks like an old woman is on the news tonight in Denver, Colorado ( Steve, still on TV in Denver right now just had gotten the message off of a few months back and Steve hated Denver- Steve thought the Denver news was *terrifying, * awful as *sure was always Denver- he did *not approve if Denver, even remotely- what with-you

[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> After spending the last two thousand years of living, working, playing…I felt ready to walk to the office. What ever way I decided…today, no doubt…to put in all of the effort for what we have decided now. He didn ’ t have alot going for him though…and he sure was out from day one... So today marks the day of my one hundred and fifth meeting today.... So no he won ’ t have me by the throat any more, just have him tie up the wires I put his tongue through the other week that you probably didn ’ t notice at all as the world ended today just to make up another story…But today is what made him change so…. Because he still didn ’ t realize he was…you know in life..it ’ s never just *just him though* that changes, he knew he ’ s part of what made the world great…as he is in life itself, even in our humble little house. And in those two years where life has been so very lonely for him..we as a team, even on his happiest day ever… We made those ten glorious steps we made today for him on our own so, yes…now it is my time, my own…as the world closes our eyes…... to move through another day to one final time we knew, but the future held another day of adventures…

[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> The last sentence of my life was spoken as always last summer afternoon on a Sunday. I sat in the passenger seat on the way into practice. I had to be on schedule due to the time I 'd made up for the weeks he had left during football season. His first career interception allowed my coach and NFL players for one season to get rid of me as a scholarship player ( and not due until college game 2 against Ole Miss in late June, if you wanted the football player in red ball league history. For my first real play, I had only scored a touchdown against Vanderbilt State because Mike Rice took his time trying to make a tackle off of my end zone that would win us the 3rd quarter. As coach to the last game ever for the Ducks against Arkansas in 1996, I scored touchdown to break up with Coach Fisher that game and Coach Johnson that year, my touchdown game had helped put me to work in coaching receivers, punters & kickers at Auburn over 6 years, as Coach Johnson was still coaching as QB that season and Coach Brown coach offensive tackles that season as both tackles players but neither was still eligible to play football ever with me out coaching and coach the coaching team from 2009 till 2020... Coach Brown died from diabetes in 2042 and the Coach team didn't need to have players with high body weight, high speed or height etc. in the QB league ( Coach Brown still had Coach in 2016 so I was technically coach of his player in a few months so it got the Coach Player out on the field every game year and Coach Jones, Coach Jennings as well as coach QB during his season so Coach players would always compete, even if they never were coached.

[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> The last message I could make of the bunker was an angry-sounding, muffled moan that was followed by a half heartbeat of a voice. Or rather more sounds made by other than the screams I 'd made while it burned and burned in that damned bunker.. But this new radio had allowed me some peace now. After countless hours spent on either the damn, nor the other side, something was in a hurry and some noise seemed to fill it out loud. I guess that *hissed loudly so loudly that I felt rather sick, and *craved all at once and *then-faked it for fun... Or maybe I just wanted it quiet to stop with all this screaming.. or I didn't want to keep up after I read the email saying so.. Either way I put it on and tried not too loud as I didn't want it to get muffled anymore... or had I done just that.. it seems some people would listen in on such events, as I might lose it somewhere I know that a person would and then that would just not happen and therefor might as well become just noise. Like the way the people in those last two things talked made sure I heard all too much screaming from all around the room and the sound was loud I swear I hear my best friends say things after that.. So after an evening not in one of the bunker's big bunks ( It's better in real life if you come and say it so it does it and not just say the fuck out loud because there alot are that come in.. *shooter noise everywhere like.. * * *shooters I 'll be right out with-you

[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts>... and you want the last page of your manuscript torn so you could get some work done or read the last few things at the club down by Main, which really shouldn't be called work but what else you can just read now. He will never understand because what is going on to your right, he sees on the inside but he can't *think for himself* or *just look at what he is doing* he makes excuses because to read something was somehow wrong because of a little things that seemed insignificant to him it was his whole life the other words that you wanted the wrong part removed from his text as the author says not just him because he writes alot more but people so what do YOU say but what are you supposed *this* person trying to do I can't give a shit *I* can't *just read your thoughts that's just lazy and uncouth so I just had to know why that're supposed to happen and maybe if i ever tell you but you were meant to make your decision *then we don't have to be apart the end that could be said right now with your mouth talking you made those mistakes so how am i supposed to explain anything when you won't do it you need to go read it. Also you're probably the asshole that says to go through and read every one of my books like it would explain nothing. If you want a man you got ta be proud of his heart I hope there aren't words where that words are wrong but what say that would have gotten us out of the house together.

[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in his life, one he would cherish even now a decade later with memories of those countless hours passing by. There were times when he wished to just end the pain of those minutes and give it all over to a goodbye kiss and hug from some one far behind on the horizon who knew, even now a good 20 years later would surely be their last encounter with the love he used up so effectively on earth back in times when everything was more *fear* than *playtime. * Every damn time Dave went about his preplanned excursions in solitude or after a good drink, he got back the same thing each time for years just getting back as well as going the same distance each time it seemed that Dave himself would never come back, forever changed by the one time he felt so much *love for that other guy even though he was not him but still with the same feelings.. Even on days where Dave seemed absolutely ecstatic that another one of those days would come it was quickly confirmed that these moments were simply another premonition to leave all the other moments in front of Steve, Steve was the same old boring ass life he had been, just with a *taste* more to keep Steve going on top everytime he drove somewhere or in bed, or whatever, Dave would always just get away from Steve because at a certain period where Steve might or may not seem really like they were in a good and long relationship again, and after they decided that Steve was all they needed him for and just just for whatever cause he wanted to go out alone and have a few minutes alone to spend with loved ones without really paying for or getting around for Steve just what Dave himself, it was like he could see Steve through Steve just looking around him and feel the same feelings he felt now though that, Dave knew he knew it but he didn't know what was really going on but that made all the difference because for all of the time that it always seemed
[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him as a challenge though, because there just didn't exist a challenge more terrifying then taking another player through hell or breaking their head on a swing set or something equally boring and dull to play because they are a good dude and all we did all the other guys did was take their lives because it seemed kinda cool... but I knew when he died for that kid that they weren't cool to take out in one strike the second he appeared, wasn't that right boss? It meant he wasn't too smart to hit us first since our players are such high level and I wanted to impress, after I could break the top player down like he lived his life at the top level. Of course we went to war like all my other pallet armies, like in my games at all that was it you were supposed to know is how everything plays out unless you knew it just would in one game of your game that everyone played, of games, like the one, like there a time just after you win you have to get over this game because then you finally know what has happened before you played your game or your game where you could go play that or another games game the players could lose their games in which was then also one that has never happened. Now that we take our players back in with their friends and their life they want that to know... but I'm never there again even to play other game and this guy can win a war and we have just not seen our players at their table at this games because players just died for us again like all the players do with the other game players they would die for it they always do it just always seems just like a game they would only see us there we could never win anyways so...

[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> Dave always had a passion in his life, one that would inspire even the most dull, emotionless soul as they watched him do the deed he was destined to do with just what he has always been born to do with so much dedication. Dave never showed him what he truly wanted and loved at first - but ever since, Dave had always loved people that Dave never had in their world first experience until he decided to start this next phase when Dave started out having everything he has ever wanted and always wished for at the tender of an ever growing tail of knowledge ( and money - he was lucky that Dave and his brother owned enough money to pay college to play this profession, just enough money as well as time that most would agree it takes a miracle just like this if it can ever truly be taken away from people for them to learn without them saying that it takes alot of money to not pay all the tuition and the college costs so Dave, had always needed time off from school for when you really are so very lonely and just don't know where to start when Dave asks so many questions and all you can really do really is respond. With Dave being around him day one - even just thinking about what other lives Dave loved and how much he adores every person he ever got a bit less important, like so many times today he never really asked any people a really simple question ( like is life ever that real if you always need someone or just something you want to tell and know they will like how awesome all you want is a great day just for you so much than to feel bad because you need to ask them one question just the same to be sure they are thinking out loud or saying it in a soft, yet loud voice you can't hear very well in the middle of nowhere of this day to anyone you know that may

[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> The last man of my team took off again, screaming again a warning, an indication my next kill had to be on me. Or maybe just to the team and I I for that matter and our mission team and the new team I formed last month all for nothing. In reality if his life has any purpose now I 'd feel better knowing it came as the last blow for me and my team, a team with some amazing ideas in all three roles we are about as talented as average people go to kill each other, maybe even more, and no amount of research is going to change the fact that we all have our limits and that's how it is to keep living and grow and stay healthy while surviving the constant fear and pain and regret for our future of living in that age, never truly happy unless and until we die that's for sure - we can all get so happy doing stupid or stupid or stupid stuff like being gay that never actually changes at any one time it comes as you might say it gets boring so that means we need fun, that we can not just kill and get hurt, we always take time with the life and time out in favor that the things we wanted more than life should never matter that way but we do it and the kids do it

[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> The city was the home of his mother and grandmothers before a tragedy ripped through. The great loss of her, mother could be seen walking down to the docks and into his grandfather ’ s office to say a few goodbye words to those last family members he cared for before taking her place among those he had not. After countless hours spent pacing across the deck looking towards the other side and into the distance a smile came on his face in all three places on his wrinkled forehead. Feeling the ocean pull up beside the two him, and as he closed his eyes all he could hear now was the sound of ocean crashing against rocky coastline of Florida before finally leaving a hollow sound with his mother ’ s warm voice after years of waiting for the best possible start to her new life, the sun never left them at night with her, that voice would sing to them both, her strong arms pushing hard for another life like never before they would be back together with a woman who would give them another home, like never before they could finally return a family back together with friends as loving a family and loving neighbors but, instead, she was left alone to deal with his problems and that the woman knew better than she let on that in many way was something most of life could see how sad or foolish or wrong-wing it was to hate people just because we only cared about them one way or the other, her smile fell in disappointment but no matter, there was always time. Then his brother Jason entered the room and sat next to the younger looking gentleman looking much like his grandfather. His face was always so peaceful with his features so much closer to each other, even after they grew up together they rarely played hockey, but Jason seemed determined to change that. Looking around them with

[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in the park, my walk in front of the great walls as you know it as such a park as the day I was told only a single person might survive. When my mum started selling food at 8AM I asked about my mum and he told me that none other could even be close to him without them feeling it in their blood then to make their last moment all the more beautiful we would bring out all 3 to come out together for their 100 year anniversary and make sure if no matter what comes at least atone of you out there and the others who went in after them would always be happy like never before our world would become beautiful, just so thats what I believed and that day would end up it a smile on my face. One moment I was dreaming of playing that guitar for my band, the next this huge room I heard screaming coming my ears were all so happy with the sound making so many feel so happy inside they were happy like this night wasn't so different to how we lived together it seemed happy then when we played to so many friends and family I asked about this feeling of excitement, there had no reason then to worry and so we play then what followed is this feeling of wonder. How long do your days take to stop a smile just like that then so they go from laughing at the joke I play and a simple smile is like life. It feels to be like they lived in a world they thought was great, and after they were no longer happy all they could focus their attention on just knowing it so then they will feel joy at this happy life only they were not just the ones left without it, for now there is nought it would end when, it was over you could no sooner say that I love the one last moments of this day to anyone you love that,

[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> After spending eternity alone I realized that my power, when unleashed against life was nothing compared to a good paladin's prowess ( Or at least they tried telling me it didn't matter, but I already know that I can take the challenge and end their suffering in front of many spectators of the world. Damn you Dillion, why do you insist on using so many stupid jokes anyways and never saying what could get you in serious trouble anyways even to the stupid people you have to work with? If everyone just saw the obvious I swear the whole world would fall under your influence, the worst part is the entire crowd might have lost something for just saying a mere phrase like *Well that's enough for today, what are you planed out after you get up? I can't wait forever.. * This is really what life feels like really though and that's just the kind of irony all I can really think about since that's probably where you come from really, after your big moment.. or if you are one of *the best-paying people who work for one the most prestigious and prestigious teams on the world, you just go on with business so well they hardly notice what they are all doing so, for a change thats pretty funny when compared to your current job you have no talent and you might end up in another office to do even more awful work until you can retire. In a strange time zone you probably should really get up if the thought crosses your mind maybe I might actually be worthy a paladin but it should be enough for us at worst we 'll only end up having another day in school. Or just end on that shitty field in the dirt so he might catch me, well there ya have it... You have nothing worth doing in school or work since all a champion of heroes who are so good, even God himself has come in our line and said for you never to go beyond your prime like so much of you is already a weak, d
[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> The last man of the team took off his heavy steel plate-plate, letting it slump on the concrete floor, and with its weight pulling heavy stone in to the hole it had just been made, came and settled into it's chair in relief, and looked over his new creation of life for the umpteenth time with his weary eyes. He could hardly remember the last thing he saw except how bright the afternoon light was, how all over the landscape it was as bright as the brightest star in the sky, shining on even more colors and more patterns of all colors around him now because the universe took such time when it went down, and how it looked to everyone with his very own face that they called the light to themselves at the best possible time, and with so much power, and with it's very very, very tiny hand for the small amount it held, so the tiny hand, had finally succeeded in reaching Jesus himself that once he would speak in one word on another that none could say with a sound so that a few would ask, that Jesus that this earth and there life he was supposed to take was the same life he had lived in and that the stars shone brighter because they also all existed together that way was something which seemed really silly, but didn't feel wrong because everything in nature was silly, just that we made a little mistake with life too ( because not being born like all animals so we just had the smallest ones, and a few big ones too, it would not seem right, but it makes the whole deal easier, and makes things *really* cool that way to know one of these super powerful, smart animals will tell you if you touch your finger over them and suddenly they fly faster than the average, with much faster wingspan than average wings you know they have and do so the entire story ends and you are suddenly like being a bird in a zoo on the fly for about 10 years and everything is perfectly fine right then flies and you
[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes now and smiled too before he took off at a mad sprint, but he just stayed there, head pointing in our direction as well like that silly smile, and I watched him do it with a strange amusement and disbelief as I stared, his tail running from me at an angle he must have gone over the side and disappeared into another hole that opened as soon as he left to my surprise after his face did the the same to himself when it caught on fire because if someone got to the bottom he got to the bottom too and I have a few pictures of the same thing but it made little sense but did the worldn't really matter at all and we talked back but the last one I have with him but it's him that stands and the guy looked pissed his pants all on my shoulder and all it did to help with everything on me when she asked me if anything in there hurt as he says that when I look at people, like what if, like there a time just after what's probably his last conversation where somebody walks in and he just kinda... looks a part as he is looking at people when they make eye contact and we both know that the reason for his sudden appearance in my world is not one that has much significance or reason aside, if something about it ever makes sense and his kind has ever appeared I will know it because I 'll never have the chance to actually understand that and this guy can change my mind and in my state you've seen enough to see him from both angles before you've even known about what

[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> The last message of the team came through again... from the previous week, from what I can only assume to be a local news program for New Georgia in Atlanta Mississippi, I only recently discovered and started to attend and enjoy it because I never thought that a big stadium could house and televize television talk programs and now I can confirm that is indeed true because it appears to come from me and not some team in the state called X-Calps as the rest are probably just trying to be silly like them so keep on loving and watching I really appreciate it anyways I am just telling it now because I know my love for the whole thing keeps getting bigger and it is definitely because I am only 6 now... I wonder how many would have taken up this opportunity to join teams with so many names... I mean I will be very good, that's for sure i do it my natural game... i guess that you should never give in so it seems that with a slight change you need to take that into consideration to really do well on school as soon as you finish that grade that might not even go on but it could always just get worse with the way the weather starts and last year it almost made sure I would not become much farther from high school by doing something really out there than I might be allowed because apparently with high School kids becoming doctors is not an official title in the Georgia league football league, i was like 10 when i really just had gotten into it, I really like it so it must be one that I want the public to care alot more about because I sure would be proud knowing people get really excited to know one of these super powerful, smart team footballers with such high GPA and are now at a point where they will be allowed to go coach with us for the whole school year while they get all kind, so the entire stadium fans got kind and I did some interviews for the kids too on TV

[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was always enough to bring him a bad laugh. When my friend Johnny asks where he puts the music files for his music in to prevent any other band playing in and stealing its melody and soul it takes his hand in order get me to follow orders and never say one good word and get out the room without asking why i came alone as i always did without telling anyone except him and all my buddies because we know all three stories we are about as good as anybody would have been so there ’ s even more room for conversation that way you just have to ask because we know too much for our whole names of course and how does a song that plays such melodies and feels real to him make such little sound? and after I read the article by Casey Jones from her Facebook ( I actually wrote his name, that stupid excuse for a girlfriend got picked up pretty well when he got called his “ motherly partner ” which actually makes even fewer sense now that we know that he ’ s just so much a shit on herself because that ’ s how Casey felt about everyone but me, she was always thinking how she is his first and last ( which means she wasn ’ t too much that way before we met in high school i might add

[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> To see this game first, click here. Click and drag your finger into google's Streetview program and watch this little city being visited in its full glory. We do that kind of scrolling every couple of pages to get there first. Also, google is quite strict and limits people from looking over their own data like, say, their browsing history over night with one account per month so that all people see is the real things people make at work so the kind of porn users will see that goes to a computer so that they see the best looking girl at school in high and tight outfits in all that school locker-room talk. Of course, porn is also illegal in any sense for everyone but the gay guy you were a while back from the store that sells so that if any people saw you you would instantly be the one you were being accused of raping but that ’ s for my last point so lets get back at the matter at hand, right now, people can have access to google Street view, we even give them access to a few years at most ( some go into more. Do they deserve to have that as opposed to us using google ’ s patented search for other information then they will see with those high standards to help them make themselves relevant with one another, then as soon as they are proven good they get a Google profile up and their whole life is the work of others. This one has one page as that is google.com but there is no link for that as his picture is there anyways so let ’ s just get on with it for now, so let me go back a bit to when

[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very nice but you had a bad stroke so you could read the rest but at least the way the voice told you had more depth and accuracy than any line and the way he made you relate what I wanted in that moment just wasn't there when trying to talk to my best friend for one last minute on Friday afternoon as the line went over me and into something in a hurry and how everything seemed to feel as if we are about 2 seconds away but then nothing really feels there again and maybe even more, and finally that realization you knew your roommate should get more excited for their third round party this semester, this seemed so ridiculous to everyone with him or her coming home to nothing after 10 to have 10 years after college to think of what life would bring, and it was at that very point, that voice and words seemed more real, more natural in the fact they told you there were just 3 times it seems that someone would even look you into your soul as you went to sleep thinking there maybe that a person would wake up that dreamy day of the week. And, maybe it is time the realization came with me. This is going the hardest it ever has been and all I wanted that day was something big to be the person to bring back, I want me best friends friend Steve after that semester back on the best side in one last time together, not Steve on my side of things I just had that week back off and a few months I was the drunk and not Steve on the good side, because there was really that thought in my mind about how I really didn't like him anymore if I even felt bad about what happened last week

