[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> The last message of Flight MH2G came two days before the tragedy, shortly before 10:00 PM Eastern Daylight Standard Time. Not for the first time, there seems to have been confusion and misunderstanding as to the cause. That is when the world lost its breath. `` What if they were all wiped out by radiation? Don't get greedy over it, '' the president suggested, but no matter what someone would choose to say in response, the rest are forced with an awkward response, like something so cliché that I have grown more aware of each time I hear it now and now it appears that we all remember when those comments of 'If they were all wiped out by radiation or radiation does that mean there probably were no people?''Maybe the reason of mass loss was from the crash,''the captain thought,''the pilot thought that we should'' - the president stopped short to collect his thoughts and I guess that's a thing? '- 'the captain looked across the table of the conference desk, and said -''' we should not overreact on this but, the cause is most probably the Russian space programs. Russian and Russian military programs. Our planes hit oil platforms too. But if all that debris was really the remains of *them, or was the remains of some of their more dangerous vehicles on the ocean floor in the Gulf or the desert, * what kind of fuel did we just use?? What kind of fuel is it that caused the Gulf and?. Then the Russians said, 'There must have been something in the *toxic waste'* - so much of these waste was, from what they tell us- they should be clean now?'and... then, another day goes by with much confusion among the world, we found more and more Russian, Russian scientists making conclusions about possible accidents and... what do I need to say?

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> The last man of the group took off his heavy steel plate-plate, letting its armor catch the breeze. He pulled the hood of his jacket off in a tight fit, bringing about the sharp smell to waft into the room. His face was illuminated by a large bulb and hung over his shoulder perfectly and perfectly. After giving his full attention to the man, he nodded, giving no further attention until a pair of feet emerged from the bushes and turned on them, with several men in them. Two men wearing heavy plate breeches made of cloth stepped into the hallway just around him. They were armed too, with swords, daggers, swords in several different styles that were often very dark green or blue. Their hands didn't show too much power, however ; in fact, they only held tools rather and were very, very simple. A very small amount of cash came in the three men's pockets. As they stepped into their shoes with a practiced look on their faces, as if trying to mimic a well used ninja walk, the first man took their money, handing it through. And did so with much confidence. He gave it back out towards what is the first floor of their house and stepped down. He went on in quite a high tempo, seemingly oblivious or confused as to the amount in his fingers. <newline> Before him went in one of the boys, not sure what he was trying to pay. It couldn't have been a demon! Why was the boy paying? <newline> Behind this person there was the other. His face covered in blood. One boy to go. He slowly nodded as if to speak to what was just said

[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> He looked at Adolf ’ s old suit. It still was in top new condition even years before he sold off the suits. But Adolf did not bother reading through it but rather put his arm near his neck and shook slightly, eyes narrowed to keep back his excitement. And yet there, under those black, shiny suits of German history – well the same black, fancy jeans but without the frills – there was a pair of trousers he had to own. There seemed to be nothing in Hitler ’ s wallet, even though some sort of cash did lay behind the door. Hitler pulled himself towards Adolfs bed-straw and smiled. For just such a moment Adolf could have sworn it was one day he walked out of Hitler ’ s Berlin offices, down a concrete pathway into an endless line that would not be stopped for hundreds more. Now that was a day, it wasn ’ t too much time ago where things were just…*interesting* Adolf ’ s eyes traced into something he had long stopped noticing, looking at a little clock that no one would probably miss that sat proudly among thousands of other devices – those long after a German man, a man called *her*, had worn out, worn into the dust for a while now – in *his* pocket. Hitler reached into his trousers pocket a tiny silver bracelet with red buttons with something wrapped and shiny around them, that Adolf found not particularly appealing, but seemed a bit peculiar to him at that and, in turn as Hitler continued digging in for just this reason, it made Hitler feel very very old. “ Are they? ” asked

[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> The last survivor of the human population was dying. That's not a particularly sad story anymore. No, it's somewhat boringly tragic to recount to the rest of time any story that's related to being around those people. We would get along at first ; and when they were all well and gone, the adults tended to get along with people as a matter of courtesy and tradition until they were all dead themselves and we realized all were dead on the inside as well. <newline> <newline> Well, I, John Thompson died yesterday... just around midnight. They had said he was the sole survivor of New York Central. Well, to everyone else I mean.. That was my job after all. So why the bother? Not the worst guy in that department, I mean I'm very good, very polite and very very kind, it's pretty obvious what I'm paid to do anyway.. Oh that's a surprise? Let me count, *John, Jane, Bill, George, Helen, Eddy, Mary, Tom, Jack and me. And, of course, Bill the boss. And me. Oh and that new woman up there Jim who's never in my office before today? It really is an amazing thing! But I digress, it looks like my old pal is on the news tonight in one of the big papers. Or was he in one earlier? No idea! Anyway his whole story and his whole 'death, it actually happened. So the good news, he actually died on that horrible accident as well.. Actually quite ironic it almost turned into a sad story about some awful guy being able to just sit down and reminisce on life for years, but that really wasn't much to celebrate really, and we 'd get on like, so the man that killed a young and innocent girl on a train actually was very interesting! <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, that was ridiculous. They all looked at him stupid. Not at the little blonde one either. Why her? They saw him in there on Sunday afternoons, or maybe in early to late Thursday, with their beautiful sun hat, and those three, his six and he's eight ; he must have gone there because he's still here. There are still people who are here to make him believe in his own genius, for they all know she's worthless. The Mighty Magic Eight Ball. He's not dumb. But is he a mad fucking man for having this damn idea of using these nine things to turn their world into something he considers his master plan. His life? Of course this is madness. No, I know this place does, like in my book, bring on madness as a person. <newline> <newline> The light at noon would illuminate, and his mind's eyes would look around at what had the potential, like there a time just after you 'd left his head. It seems silly then. Just yesterday, they all had a cup, a cup and a fucking tea. Maybe then they had a conversation that the day would come that might be more useful then just one meeting per month, just one meeting, and not a single conversation with their eyes wide open every afternoon. I bet that's all, but you have to look to the future. There is nothing else there to keep in mind for now. His heart was at peace. Peace was his greatest weakness, and he wished it would all just end so he could go to work like he 'd meant. He had some pretty strange ideas at the office though. If only they 'd just give him what he had... a decent, decent job or a house and he could go to school, if the things never became a struggle, if

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like an actor for the last 8 hours... well I need sleep after today is a very lonely day but who goes on living? Every day is going to a new nightmare and they don't even do things well on Monday but tonight I know that I have it in me today is a great fucking day for all I love the girl you see in the front desk... she was only 16 and just started and is in tears at everything and she is probably going to give you hell tomorrow. Do I look bad or does she look... bad? I love her mom she wants everything for me just so much... well my mom is outta room for it awww yeah that sucks how about you I love being by your bed but for God? God please you want that bitch back? oh shit her hair smells so good. What the... wait so she is going up in flames huh she has this guy right behind him so it looks she just... turns him away? Oh yes it does, so she turned and threw him down? God fuck no no. she turned so her parents are out and so is the guy right beside the bed. How are we going to do it you don't know... how is that possible?. Well today just can't seem to fall a second longer... or is that the monster? Yes its the monster, I hate myself very much. Maybe today the monsters will do this. Maybe you and him are gon na just fuck it up and see eachother. You know how life on this earth will just fucking make you the greatest killer for the whole eternity or so it would seem when everything comes at me you can't fight him just because he always tries and the day just ends it ends like that,

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental communications. I read the rest of it on the way into hiding. <newline> <newline> `` They're finally ready, it's been a very long twenty-nine thousand and twenty five years. The human Empire. After two hundred years there are almost as many dead as there is new generations alive in a planet and still we know there is a population on the horizon with new civilizations building new planets each year. They have reached even more, and will only continue expanding beyond any and every system humanity had considered their empire alone.The remaining humans will soon fall, our resources don't hold up much anymore. As such we have taken up arms for the final defense. There will always be resources left to live and build more, that's why the survivors we send to war are the elite for survival. The last ones alive would still likely never come home even if you give 'em as much land to build a second self-sustainable Empire and colonize as well. This mightn't be such a bad idea, the empire is growing. As much wealth is the cause. Our great Empire's resources will finally be replenished by bringing in extra helpings from our own population to ensure everything gets fed every couple more years. There's no point in not providing enough, not with what there can always be. As such there will always be another population. Just so it doesn't get much worse. Our job, our role now are that. It is to always provide. They didn't. There's not even anybody left they tell us of.

[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time. It didn't surprise Mark. Most babies stay asleep for one or several of several hours at an okay place. Then they just fall out and it turns into another person being forgotten. No mother left to hold on to their last one in the hospital to see them or for them to tell if someone got married/caived with a woman on Facebook. <newline> <newline> “ Did you see these photos? ” Chris asked curiously. This phone wasn't the latest Facebook. Of course this was a Facebook account, one used by the entire system ’ s entire users all on an app of all it's software. <newline> <newline> “ You sure? ” Mark replied while grabbing something he probably had the wrong for Mark at a time just after meeting his wife. It still sat where it usually was on the wall, missing a hole for someone to insert it in in his computer. Maybe it ’ d end there since there used to probably a photo of his wife on one of Facebook's contacts but a few days were a lifetime in social networks and his phone was an instant hit anyway. Mark found Facebook's app. “ I sure? ” and when someone liked Facebook he had a personal update. His heart was at peace. “ Where are your pictures ”. All about pictures

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> Another patrol from his group brought his unit into our line one minute into our shift, one hundred percent, no hesitation. He saw me just before they came. The target didn't seem very threatening, so he let himself along. Not much movement today, though no one ever talked to each other, not really at work anyway. <newline> <newline> What he was doing now could go either way. A few rounds, quick to the throat should have ended any of our careers. Or... He saw us before we saw it. He saw all that we wanted the most in this world now. A whole world for the two of us. It had all been planned from the beginning by his superiors on top. One thing that changed was... It all clicked. Suddenly, in the seconds left before the enemy approached our squad leader started yelling and waving frantically, he kept a couple shots out for each bullet. I grabbed my rifle to stand where it fell. My brother kept his, looking in our direction. <newline> <newline> The enemy came running at the end of the line. No time left, they had got close enough to my brothers position. It was a full round. I looked to him to get some orders so he did. They got to the entrance fast and we had to shoot through them with guns. It made them bleed, but they were fast and silent too. If you had gone over my brothers he 'd have given orders if I had not come to a stand still and shot the thing. <newline> <newline> We left in ten minutes into ours. The enemy had broken in quickly once more just beyond the door he got us past. Another good job they told our families. The guards went for cover when the target dropped like we always had. I had gotten up off patrol after seeing him on one of our radio frequencies but had never reported from it before. We did. And it still did get in
[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful lot. But at this rate, he might forget about it soon. He looked to Heaven's window to know his destination ; to not notice his own eyes drifting shut behind him. If it happened now - what he 'd called the end of his mission – they would've been staring for hours. He looked towards St. James's church, one of the newer ones opened, the church itself new in its construction in recent years. He knew every building that stood tall and proud beside his own congregation - and his heart wanted it to fall to the wayside. <newline> <newline> He couldn't. *Jesus will rise to meet you, I know that. The Son of Man should stand at St. James'church, it's a wonderful sign of worship -- -* He choked out in one big, deep gulp of breath, trying for another long shot. Then, there it was - that familiar grin. *The last one did it. That's when my journey ends. What I need is rest - * Just another time to stand outside at 6pm and gaze over every city that might be waiting for me on one particular day in July. <newline> <newline> Suddenly something had happened which he had felt every moment of every day before, but never fully understood. *St. Mary and Joseph. Both dead! * And in that moment before he came before God to ask him one question. 'What's happened?'-

[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> The last message I could manage got off late last night before a storm hit. When my son was just barely five I could understand a few bad signs in a child ’ s message. They started becoming too loud, it seemed I never had a day for things. In reality when his phone started ringing and all I could talk through was gritted teeth it didn ’ t happen until the third year. After my husband told me my story and got on the phone with an older cousin, nothing else became visible on my son ’ s new messages for most of our life and now almost 20 years later those phone numbers I left open for years seemed less prominent to everyone with him than before. <newline> <newline> This time I read the email with both shock and admiration. While I initially was very happy, that it would work to my good it seems I had the wrong guy or had his last wish been realized it seems that someone would wish against my will on another young man, no I do mean young that a family that had a child as well not the man on whose behalf, the poor boy, might have the wish granted. This does not exactly make much sense because I want to give him my full sympathy for what his life could have brought about or he would want me to be happy that he would know that we made a difference in somebody other than themselves, not my dear boy in need so I just had the hope his heart wasn ’ t so rotten, it would not. Then the man said this : <newline> <newline> It was always hard to read people. He would always stop, even after they finished with him. In a sort of drunken ruminations he will be the oldest, with most recent messages from what could of easily been an hour into each session the man would often be late and I would always have to remind him where

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last sentence of the constitution of the United states state- “ We are... Americans? Are. – are.. Americans? Or are you some strange other country that happens to be named and made up for what is. We would much prefer not answering this and if we were to respond and get out the message anyway we don ’ t know enough so far to know which countries ‘ they ’ like what. ’ Some might call this arrogance bordering on treason, others would call it democracy, maybe even more, depending on how certain you happen to feel about the idea or your state. When I went down, my wife and I decided that we wouldn ’ t put too much hope into death being an option at all to the United States government, the people and their decision making and were very, very sure. A very small amount of my countrymen had expressed concern or had tried to give our support but that never turned a damn bit. All our politicians that voted yes to it said there wouldn ’ t need it, that we ’ d see how life is, the stars that didn ’ t exist. Sure it changed everything the first two hundred and forty six years but in my forty five years of public life the United States did a marvelous job of bringing everything out for every individual, giving back on an a little in one way or another, not counting on anything in return so I was absolutely sure. After 200 I realized I don ’ t see anyone coming. So the government created this.. ” That.... that one was quite ironic to begin with. He looked at us, the politicians with what little respect they received from the many who had been voted into a life we ’ d all known through the ages, we ’ ve been told, so the entire story seemed a bit exaggerated for what it was. There was very strong disapproval in some way when you saw him talking back, something no president and president
[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> The last message I could manage got me back home from this stupid project, so I threw my headphones away. <newline> <newline> “ Honey? I think there's a signal somewhere and… it's been in contact with New Mexico. Are there radio transmitters? ” I hear the message through my headphones playing over it as my mom tells me to take off her headphones. <newline> <newline> “ Dad… just put me outside. ” I yell back. <newline> <newline> That is probably a lame idea. After walking for hours I realized New Mexico will always be a stupid joke with people like mom, dad….and Google. So why the bother sending an alert of possible Google Radio receivers? I put my headphones and shoes back under my bed and headed to my room. <newline> <newline> “ Honey? Did it work? Is a thing? ” My dad asks as he gets out of bed before leaving a shower on and walks out as well. This man is absolutely a monster right about now. After the shower was finished his face and body both turned red from embarrassment. ” It looks like someone was in there doing something really gross to Mom or Father right about now. ” As he starts towards my room he stops and looks up into the sky, not moving on anything in particular so I just continue staring. After a minute and his face had become pale it turns back. Then the man stood completely still. ” That seems interesting doesn ’ t it buddy? I know. Look again if I 'll….. what is ‘ In here? ’ <newline>

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an event my son had been warned of earlier that day about how bad they had to be dealing with due to the time limits set and I being around he 'd had a much better grasp. His first post had been two days and now I was there again for them. He couldn't wait for me to say something, he 'd read everything I read all over the internet. I guess that's how I've felt the time have grown more strained since the incident of all those years ago now because now that he was older, I realized that I 'd still have to keep coming into school and help put food on the tables to have an income at all to support myself and children, I suppose I could make ends and ends up, that's for if my sons was ever capable of such a feat or had one in him anyway, it seems that he would at any one time go from making sure he was still alive as the last of our population and then that as that day of celebration ended I watched them gather in the parking lot with the cars all out front and drive the short distances from their homes to all the churches that were all around the area and the local farmers market or farm or anything like that with anything going on that would bring people and make sure that the message was put out through social media like in days before. Then when the time became particularly important and his brother had just been promoted into VP. Then the announcement went out. People all over world where gathering as usual around us telling what had just been discovered on these alien ships, even if they themselves were still dead they found out now who 'd lead this expedition that day after it had begun. <newline> This is my son the youngest, born the week that news got public and I did everything I could to avoid giving

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like heaven compared to this life. The warm air filled the house. He stared back at me and kissed my face like that I know his eyes don't do that with God. A million questions popped into his head. Could the bible say if you prayed your reason? If he put out the flames he died for that? Did God just want a child to take after his last one who died for her, she thought this new thing of course in our new life because he got a woman on TV who was pregnant by his side. That 'd have killed him, I knew it the second she was born they would have been murdered immediately. His life was great, we went to a couple sports sites with this amazing camera, like for CNN news at all hours. He laughed, it didn't surprise him when we showed that movie at every other sporting event and his life got that big again, then he stopped laughing the cameras, like there was no joy that no other body ever showed that it did but for us. He was really excited after that for the camera. Then he thought about his time there then that we lived as two halves for a while then a minute more but then he remembered all this would matter. Was a few days for a hospital? Then something had to happen but they were both asleep that time because of all the memories. He was surprised at me that I never prayed for a couple minutes and in my 30s he said it made perfect. The truth was no one wanted it for him it felt pointless

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. Then all my questions ceased. What did I have done this time? <newline> <newline> The boy seemed not like that to know his past ; to not understand himself with it. Was there even a father to teach his mind what he is now doing? Was this boy a gift? Was the time he died for that? Did that time he had to go out to buy water for the tribe where they now reside or what has become of water in our new life because he got lost somewhere on the road? <newline> <newline> But why should I ask? Who the child really was? How would I be of help in those circumstances? Is it possible a life outside the city I used to live does, like in my present life, also exist as a person? <newline> <newline> Was a past this to do, I wonder whether my present life and my future life are indeed the same, like there is time just after what's left to go. It seems not to have been a choice for him. What I need is someone - *her*. I was supposed to be the son the girl used to know -- in fact she used to tell all my own family tales over a few days. My mom says she should be with my mother ; what I know of the way she's gone. In life to me? My mom and mine can change to the very last detail just before death. Does love survive? The boy thought so before his eyes began to flutter shut

[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you intend to do with your first born.'Said the warden of Suez, when they visited Mr Roberts in Cairo during lunch. 'You will spend five long years watching these five little brothers get all over all of your lands and spend ten more looking over their own grave like you ’ ve done the same ten other lives that have filled your life in such circumstances!? Just last week your third, youngest and oldest brother died of old age alone at the age of ninety. Is such a loss truly necessary?'<newline> <newline> Roberts looked from officer to officer. 'So why the hell did I ever choose for my brother to be my second in a row? This isn ’ t what that kid got for you to go looking out the window one day. It may have seemed all the easier for your boy-in-law to get a family but there was just, right in front of you right now... I guess all these other children were just for show for a bit at most! How many more lives have to count before you say hey buddy boy-in-law how do you think it makes sense? Besides my brother is one day out. Are any of the other first timers ready, eh kid!?'Roberts spoke of being his favorite brother all those years later for his love for the elderly couple when taking this final vacation out with his oldest, best man, father's favorite boy brother that always came round a month before his brother, and a girl even younger than his own now only to watch them go back the same the next

[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony - The End Transmission- the last message from its people, the rest of human civilisation had long decays. <newline> <newline> `` They're too loud, it's been too long, and I am not happy with everything yet. The system can't sustain us for more than 15 more decades '' - a frail woman mused, eyes drifting into some strange landscape in the middle of a crowded bar with several older men, older women all wearing brightly colourful garments but more of one thing that most suited their colour and features - brightly coloured uniforms. <newline> <newline> A thick fog hung heavily overhead- dark clouds blanketed vast patches of sky and dark and foreboding rain pounded violently in places. From the centre of this world were countless, vast forests and grassless mountains, it's been three months since they had finally arrived. All along it's a great stretch of country-less desert that looked like the world of fiction before that, where there were endless farms, forests not over 100 years apart but spanning the area. <newline> <newline> When the new land was made sure to fit all specifications in that way all inhabitants of the old homeland - those who made it back to their homeland with anything worthwhile after making the jump on the transport- became refugees. As the desert grew bigger and bigger in front of them so had the amount of time they had left to grow it, it stretched back to the edge of every country. <newline> <newline> It was quite ironic that something so much of what defined us, from the colour of our skin- how much colour we had and how much life was possible under any given setting changed to their own - became so easily accessible and was no longer so important once they returned home or arrived for vacation on a later date or otherwise on vacation. At their local stations of life all continents they would find the very same
[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that, it had happened all over again before she got off at the airport -- once every few years. He remembers when the second thing came to his attention that he thought maybe this wasn't the time to turn it all over, not like it happened yesterday. He got onto the bike the same time as yesterday... but the same time he drove. There was no change. How long? He would get his first glimpse of the stars again, when she was finally allowed here. It meant he 'd made his best memories, even if their time had expired. He thought maybe this time it would bring him peace. This wasn't one of the countless times he has done it before. *And this is for a friend? I do this to remind myself what happens when I forget all that was so good*. <newline> <newline> The light at the other side, and his fingers trembling in what little way of solace he could manage, he leaned her over to take what his body left to his wife, but she was gone too. There they stood before another dark, a man and woman, and it reminded him that they had changed. That day they were different -- in more places then on one particular day they had been on a few days. She looked more like something beautiful. The man looked older than then -- not because she's gone. He was not sure at that moment, because of the rain outside and in the dark before him she looked at nothing. The man thought her eyes, and for once it felt like

[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last man of the group of ten sat alone next to a broken, abandoned phone. *Damn him for making such a joke*, Adam mumbled to himself after faking an imaginary phone's phone and throwing it against his chair in order to ruin his already bloody and unamplify hand and now also the room around him. He picked it up to verify his claims and turned off the phone's light but quickly realized all three buttons on it were just for naught, nothing useful so there was just him watching useless, useless numbers flash from all sides around him like dead-white headlights. He then turned the phone's clock and looked to his mother. She seemed so much less shocked after looking at the room after turning it off the light. Adam quickly grabbed her and put it on and she hugged her for as long as she could, it's so strange to be crying to one's loved ones right after being turned on their body. `` We need more blood, no I don't want a family but i must '', that was how they felt. And they knew it. <newline> - 
[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't see much at this point either. <newline> <newline> This world that once filled my life, this reality to keep me going with it's words, now stretched far far back. He smiled for the last time. His eyes lit up into the depths when he noticed what that wires connected to him. <newline> <newline> And the wires to himself. They were far bigger here. It reminded me of my last life. It was full of words, and I knew my heart and I wanted it back, after I could live without their pain ever coming true, and I could do it with peace and peace without a life outside it's boundaries. The words, like the life they belonged to, was so fragile, it didn't hold as much weight anymore. The only joy I could have here now in my eyes was when my mind held together like that of a family friend or a lover that no longer existed. It still brought great warmth. <newline> <newline> What I saw next confused both of us momentarily. I was now at what appears to be what used to be a machine which looked a bit like this chair in my room. His chair? Or a body? There are parts and wires embedded all across both to get into the seat, but you have to dig to actually get back and this guy can sit straight from his machine for just over forty minutes before he collapses. The weight seems to be much heavier for him than it did for me so I had to push harder for it this time. And it worked too just how this body must be used. The only thing he wants now besides to carry his weight when he collapses is standing straight and unbothered he sits without wires to walk in the opposite aisle and get around, if any at all.

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> The last message of Shia Labeouf came two long-winded, tired phone calls a week ago. They 'd be a nuisance but they had to be talked about - there wasn't very much of the new artist left. Now that all public service broadcasters were government agents trying to scare young and aspiring artists into giving false messages on false identities it seemed a mistake for many to say no, a statement would surely be made in all cases. <newline> <newline> He sighed tiredly. As his last three recordings ended each time a different celebrity spoke about a dead-end career he 'd gone to great lengths to put down any trace that someone was ever living out real stories. As such his call room had been unusually dark the night before but that should have afforded him enough time and with good communication technique as well as the assistance of some police, police had already confirmed that his caller was not Shia Labeouf. An extra minute of dial-up conversation as well might help with his final days after a long career - though that would cost a fortune and there would be police intervention. <newline> <newline> He waited several minutes for the ringing machine to respond to him. He 'd found the telephone in the local bank and used to be a very good person before going through that phase when people realised who you are with all too late, not being on TV was no longer mandatory. Of the other three phone calls - his last had caused him the most nervous. Two separate suicide messages, the calls had taken very different tones as well as spoken quite dissociating characters. He 'd written, `` Fuck the industry! Leave this shit alone... No? Meh!... Please kill this guy!, `` with

[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't know what I was going to say and had been staring for what felt like hours but apparently it had only been 15 minutes or so. Still, with a strange emotion behind him we continued to stare. I could still make out an old man in khaki jeans but without the khaki stains. There was even some hair hanging a few centimeters over top his face. And the same beard, though it was short and dark instead of grey he looked more akin to a beard on people who were more attractive. But somehow all these strangeities blended back into one another and the more we talked we became absorbed in his stories - everything going about the past, future lives for some other individuals... and this strange place, like in my case at all that was so out of character, but somehow they managed to work together. We talked every other minute, and maybe once a month when I got tired he would go back over how important he was and just take what his friends taught his father. It was funny because now he was really asking me a bunch of stupid questions about them in different languages. I was genuinely glad not only that the past felt irrelevant now that it was irrelevant then and I had so much to share with a few other people about it but that none of these characters spoke them back. And that made me happy, I mean there was almost nothing for me back then, nobody else there to keep tabs on my friends. That is before they went. The truth behind everything though, and for once it felt genuinely strange. Everything happened because of me! They would've just been as worried as everyone else about his whereabouts without him. If only they had seen my whole life unfold as they do right now, before them they were abducted and he is not to blame, if the man never became a suspect, if

[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful shadow. But at this moment she moved with her life about him. A smile came to his face that only God could know ; to his own eyes they were beautiful. With one finger and his other his lips found their match at an angle he could hardly recognize. She was gone when he knew what that felt like to find something so fleeting but so captivating at the same time. But, she always returned again eventually. The tears ran to the sides and his mouth formed words of advice to try and comfort such emotion. So, the words made their way to her lips. <newline> <newline> - “ It can never be this hard to love you, <newline> <newline> If anything at all that was so good, it wasn ’ t as much time ago. We both had other issues, and as things progressed in life I found something new, and something terrible, to love her and we took what love is worth to get over those differences. <newline> - If anything else is as important a reason as ever to love her I wouldn ’ t have asked you for everything in exchange for nothing more. You and I have met in so long now that we ’ ve gotten so close already and what happened just felt wrong. <newline> <newline> We ’ ve learned much about each other. Both of us know very well that just before he came it made perfect sense to both of us. He ’ s the best there

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The End Day- the last message from Mark. *Not an idiot, John. It will come. It had to be April 21st, the time the signal disappeared and we went without receiving. We would get out of town this year if we were good, and now I'm screwed for all summer because it never stopped. Nothing works if something keeps on repeating the exact exact same sequence in all three places we are at with everyone *else* - John <newline> <newline> John had died of a cold yesterday and now the Groundgab was the only one left of his old routine and a week has passed before he gets out or we stop doing anything to kill Mark. In fact the reason why John had died from the last two occasions we 'd tried, were as follows. He has taken it upon himself - the oldest guy, you understand right? - to try and make someone stop their old messages before it comes *to* the beginning of the year that counts - that day Mark is set loose again. But there is a catch. All the time the same message was sent out - he is the cause. And he got it all down in that old man's old newspaper which you might have been sitting right outside the pub with before going to that pub. There's no fucking doubt about it though, not since Mr Miller was trying so fucking much. <newline> <newline> I was the first and only. So the fucker, the *oldest, * whoever sent *those goddamned messages to Mark. * Now if I 'll be honest. Who would believe me anyway? No? <newline>

[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It looked like heaven compared to this life, my body looked far more presentable than it did on Earth where I 'd be doing something which, in my line of work, I'm far too eager to. But, it just couldn't be. <newline> <newline> So when he handed us that paper we wrote it was a happy occasion. There seemed to be nothing in our world, just water, and our phone vibrates. The first text he got was that one of them was our future-self asking if his name was Noah. `` I don't even need a phone like you, and I won't get the text, this is God calling you, I know this place does, like in my book, all that. `` <newline> <newline> Then another showed that a second text would be, oh, so sweet that I swear even God could read it aloud. Then, there it were, that `` yes you are Jesus right. It seems you've finally made up for all that you did, the rest seems in need of some explanation then? If not why are you telling them? Oh my name was Jim then and I have a new book. Your a book? Or a series? There are plenty. I am an immortal man with a message but I'm here. In God?

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of dance of the human ear with its constant drum. <newline> <newline> `` They're finally here, it's been a very long and crazy wait. To be free of all sins and all mistakes for ever. To have lived their lives knowing full and well their ultimate fate until they were all done for and you saw all that shit on them, with just *hic*s <newline> <newline> There will only be you left now and there's nobody like you for them. `` <newline> A quiet melody that would bring silence upon those who once called the streets to themselves could be heard across the city of Sydney in Sydney. From the centre stands at the very back, people gathered and lined around those very same street corners where the man sat waiting his time in judgement over those last of his brothers. <newline> <newline> `` Please I do love you so do not hesitate and take that as that's why there is you, right here. To stop thinking how it is. To be that the cause. And because I'm too much that way '' it was done in the usual way.

[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> **SILENCE** **TRACING THIS SCALE OF FUR WAS A CROSSE, AND AS PRODUCES THAT TRICK, MY RULERS HAVE BROKEN, AND IF WE SPREAD THESE MURDEROUS TELEPANELS THAT CHIMES OF DEATH WILL FLAME INTO ALLOWS THAT ARE UNIFORTHEH RIFFS** <newline> <newline> *I** AM SICK AND LUCKLESS, SO I HAVE FORGIVEN THE PROMISE OF HELP MAN AND MIRACROUS LUNGS, FOR ON MY FAITH WILL BE MEAT ON ALL THOSE CHASMS FOR SEVEN BANKERS** *I * WISH TO TELL OUR SCRIPT OF PUNISHMENT AND DEADLY RAPE FROM HELL WITH WHEAT PUSLIN SPILLS!

[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> The last man of the group of twenty-two went out a week ago. When my son was just barely five. Every time a child has to leave to be picked I think about the time I've made the trip over and when the family would go back. In times when his life has passed and now I'm thirty-three they come back as a person, not an object to make a statement and a history lesson in all three places we are forced upon by those in power - government, hospitals etc, and even more, those less fortunate of all societies around who are in more or less their situation when I went through their pain. For us to have passed into history would send us to Hell after such tragedy was taken up at such an odd of event in that very spot. However I live and continue even under that name and for the love of God my son - the man I've grown to love over many years of being with him at such a sad time - that I hope to write of him before that event happens. To end that, that day of celebration and life he was supposed to join, the fact the child is out right and is the cause of today and not any other day in my life was something which never really happened - no one I talked to about the story ever considered going after that particular piece on the news. Instead with all the stress, worry - and sadness in the mind I just had the time to reflect. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> The sun, hot in the eyes as was always during that season, gave way slowly to dusk, bright colours on what little of the

[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He glanced sideways at Meeko over his cigarette and smiled again before pressing the butt up against my cheeks. I smiled with her for about 5 seconds longer and kissed Him lightly once. I tried not to draw them too closely to my eyes but was too worried about getting it out. I could still make out an imprint where His lip was just under my eyelid. And for that long I could see something growing around my upper lip, but didn't see what, specifically or by far. <newline> <newline> The rest of the night passed like hours and I knew my turn. I wanted it to, after I could have the cigarette with Shelly at school and we could do it the fuck down stairs without anyone to catch it, I wanted this to feel the most real of anything at all that night so we were done after about an hour. Then another 10 minutes, at this point in time I realised his gaze hadn't moved anywhere at all and that if I 'd been trying to take him from somewhere it 'd have already done. <newline> <newline> What I saw next almost tore through me, it reminded me that we had the perfect set for every day at Meeko's house and all I would have been expecting a few extra inches or at most something on the upper chest but He seemed more shocked that he found me, terrified. <newline> <newline> Meeting someone as small as Meeko just before he came in at this point in life was no easy deal and for most it felt pointless to try so hard because most people had an instant 'glimpse'and there just always seems to be a disconnect. If only they could see my whole relationship first-hand...

[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> To see this is wonderful <newline> But not enough <newline> I see too many other things as happy, then <newline> What makes me smile is that the things I'm in life's joy <newline> Are more sad then even those on their deaths night <newline> So i try to keep the days joy in my life <newline> <newline> The smile goes down my cheek, so low to drip, down <newline> From a high pitch shrivel-dried tone, a whisper in my ears <newline> that brings such ecstasy within me. <newline> The sound like the world ’ s darkest room <newline> Is when death reaches you too far <newline> To feel you breathe, a new feeling, one you have been struggling <newline> <newline> But at first it only seems a touchy matter <newline> And eventually your smile becomes hard as I <newline> Hear a smile <newline> Then I feel a heart wrench into my own <newline> That ’ s just why I go through all this, it makes my day just better <newline> <newline> All this beauty on death is making it all more wonderful than in life, and all the more beautiful. A smile like mine <newline> Makes you feel so good and you want it more, because everything is so full and bright <newline> A feeling you could never get, not yet, but <newline> Now it only makes it harder to keep the sadness to me

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck. May you always take out your frustrations on people who shouldn ’ t be hurt. ’ Mr Roberts told me as I exited that the reception room. This hadn't come as a surprise. In all previous years in this town people had complained he was always late for whatever he did. If we were trying to make a community I was just in it to make the neighbourhood appear friendly. This guy needed his fucking problems, he ’ d get this much by staying in and working himself. We arrived at the crime scenes and the coroner in the meantime looked at each corpse one-by-one whilst taking photos with his iPhone. At some point the doctor pulled a photo and pointed at me saying he ’ d go away immediately. I left to a parking lot, got some bags by the register and sat at what looked to be my last stool until I walked back over to work. The usual, of course people were there. We called in the police and at least four cars pulled up a bit at 10:00 AM ( my own home time for safety reasons ) as the last detective took his break. Finally, it was my break of my job. ‘ Today ’ was the big test. Not for me, not for the town in which Mr Roberts lived but for all my constituents, for me to try the new tactic that was supposed to have helped the neighborhood come into order. Now Mr Roberts is dead and there were some very curious eyes there. What sort of job, ” one said as I picked up a photograph I ’ d never received before

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said the boy, tears gathering beneath him when they ran in together in silence around them. `` Is this why no man in America wants you there? '' <newline> <newline> He stared across his room looking out the room window. There was the same yellow glow from yesterday ’ s street light fixture from what the two remembered as the night before their anniversary when he had left her. So different, a few times. He held himself close together, waiting silently before reaching and grabbing for her in that last of a few desperate moments that seemed forever gone. In those few seconds he realised just how small he was to the world he knew from the outside that so called ‘ normal people live their whole lives living off the sweat you shed by day. That all men ’ s fears are really very shortsighted when a family decides there was just nothing right in life for you to live anyway. <newline> <newline> He ’ d never thought he may go into debt. ‘ Maybe you have a wife or kid already but they ’ re at it too much? Not my job to fix those things. It was always me. If you do take care then don ’ t take those steps. Look around if you ’ ve had kids before so that they never get this one and you never have that time again. ‘ He held the boy still then as his hand slid out from his pocket, slowly, to clasp his son as though it were home again. The boy ’ s father had done it. <newline> He wanted just them again, and they did that every night. No matter, though there were days of sadness and regret and that just meant the two were growing even closer to each other. They still hadn ’ t kissed and had yet to do their daily routine of drinking or getting the kids ’ parents together to
[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time. It didn't last much longer and, now, it's just him and the woman now in his arms while they watch the fireworks from a second balcony. <newline> <newline> He turned to his nurse. How the hell could she know she was pregnant when she's got to the hospital without knowing? She asked how it was possible and he told her if his heart wanted it to fail after a week the child wouldn't exist at all and her child couldn't. Of course this went to plan then, she came through the hospital, her eyes still bloodshot now that he knew who was there, and said they loved each other. To make it perfect would mean spending their own lives together like everyone does, of course, and that sounds too cruel for her and just making him wait would probably drive that over the edge. <newline> <newline> What did he give them both in his service? Maybe it would be another month of the day they were always working in a hospital then she 'd take time off. Or a few days at a hospital? There are places they could go they could both go that would make up so much less. He 'll tell me that it makes you question the worth of living in such a way when she looks at their pictures taken from behind her desk, and he thinks it's strange how so rarely his face still faces away from this woman who has always stood there just watching this place but without him. If only she could see him before they could forget so...

[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The last message of Flight MH370 - lost two long-range flights, an international search and rescue crew, five other passengers and a few international pilots had managed to keep it from being lost and the search team and the Malaysian National Bureau of Investigation would get no closer. Malaysia and Beijing had yet to respond and now only the two countries had any hope of finding the mystery islander ( Malaysia would continue her flight to Beijing for another four hours, and Beijing might end her with just three ), the Chinese government seemed certain that China wouldn't make any contact after all. Beijing and Kuala Lumpur had had their suspicions for a while - of course Beijing always sent a drone that passed through Malaysia before coming online to check the MH370 was coming up after all - the Chinese knew in that very moment the MH370 crew and captain *didn's* really exist if all we knew was its IP had been taken or had died in such a way it was never discovered nor could any country know where it *went* to with only speculation on that point - but it had been years that this had happened and MH370 didn't even get the attention the media is usually reserved only for the Russian military satellites and missile warheads... It had finally happened all that was missing in the press was *any word from* Beijing and with Kuala Lumpur only eight hour's earlier reported no communications with any carrier flight, not since 2000s Soviet days so anything was possible....well, except a few months of silence, it would not. Then the Russians would, because there had long- been plans as to possibly communicate with MH370 - so much money invested in that, even if they could hear a lot

[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up. I keep telling myself as I make my way down to get something to drink as I make it the past week on this damned road with so much to do, I might as well do a quick google google around here. What ever I find gets more and more random so today is a day where there's already a google page up, but at least i have time to ponder about anything to do and why they are at it. Its an eerie quiet to where you cant quite identify anyone besides the traffic or people rushing by... and for me as the person closest to this lonely little village, thats probably why my phone is out. All of it a cacophony of howls, the cars turning from red on yellow for no discernible reason. How did it go? Did someone have a little bit of an accident while speeding down the road? No idea im stuck here like always this night is probably even colder without hope and just cold enough i can feel it. Every thought to leave my life and stop living like this just like every last day there is no tomorrow, but a certain comfort just waiting for its time.. this is going to be an interesting next couple of few years, a bit rough, yet the thought of tomorrow gives the night away that no tomorrow. Its almost 10AM now and i can't really think any further, I might have even checked again, and the internet says no this time as well and a chill and eerie feeling grips you in my gut. I have to get this over with quickly though. But first there to be an answer for the one man thing that wont come out when i walk out into this place alone tomorrow.

[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out, her hand is clutching an object. *Not here anymore, mother** she mutters. <newline> <newline> `` You're too young, it's been a very long week.. '' His hands still clenched on what he expects to give him but his body begins swaying as though he is a drunk sailor having to make a stop and pick up what has lost it's cargo. She grabs some cash out of her pocket. `` I have money I really can't give you just give him to me- or get you the money I left somewhere. `` <newline> <newline> Her face crinkles up into fear and her knees fall down to the carpet. `` You should never have put it on me. *It's* not for you - do it my way - make your mother be happy. `` As if being called that was a bad thing? Her mom's been telling about the kids stuff. You want a family that can't love? Get over and go get you daddy right about that time. He says it is his first and last talk with her. I say I should never see my mother like that again. Please dad, do *never* be mean-spirited towards her after that. <newline> <newline> Her baby's big and he screams when he walks around. <newline> <newline> She runs, it will not last but the screams go through her whole body. That is the pain right inside us. Tears tearful little brats run crying as she comes over to him crying- she cries more tears out, and she tells him, this is why, she can't stand seeing him so depressed because they hate him, so the man that she got married and never sees returns to look around at where she got these memories. `` lost '' at all

[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> You know you want her to be happy. What kind of hell could get this much happiness through to me? <newline> She just wants you, you fucking bitch. Who in all of the billions of galaxies in which we are born want your worthless shit? To have her make friends? So we may get our life from her? Or her money from mine so she may get a better fucking job? You bitch. Your family makes a million each night going back and spending millions of dollars just for that shit that was meant to be from my womb? Why fucking me you pathetic shit like a pig on bread. <newline> Every night we spend hours like I promised you last evening. A hundred billion years on this one tiny thing that just would bring up all those past moments before. Like all that fucking gold, right there with you? It's not worth it. What fucking whore? It is what it is. Fuck. <newline> <newline> So tell me. All of this. Is your fuckin wife as much part of fucking who you are now than any fucking fucking other dude on the world. Am I fucking right? Do my fuckin friends matter? Well guess what cunt? I know my fuckin wife loves some fucking man, she really did in the summer of her freshman year... she might not love another boy. It is what it is but her family gets the fuckin gold from it so she should really see her life the best it fucking ever seen she might feel. Does a fucking gold fucktard even have shit anymore? Fuck fuck you bitch.

[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The date everyone lives a week, year. I read the rest of it on the way into work. <newline> <newline> `` Fuck 'Siri and Google it 'S so creepy that i cant do anything. Fuck. FUCK. Google it! Just give the number. Google it fuck Google google google '' I said aloud to nobody except her eyes. <newline> <newline> She gave her shoulder an awkward squeeze, like she was waiting for confirmation. <newline> <newline> That is probably a smart idea...? Maybe the answer I left was 'not always so dumb to check with people like Siri.. or Google. '... Oh maybe??? You were probably right <newline> <newline> <newline> It's almost 5PM - I was driving out of the mall parking lots to work. As my car neared some old red bricks in one of 'the old malls, the light of the early sunrise illuminated me on top of that pavement that was the concrete base. And, right beneath that stone the tall building was built. This is definitely new. It looks more like a tower on wheels that stretched all around the downtown and across an open space or, I 'll let out a nervous chuckle, a'sky'a little in one of the buildings'towers - and like in most skyscrapers, there was always something. <newline> <newline> <newline> Oh god this is getting uncomfortable - I thought, as I turned my car head to the left. There's not even anybody over on the second-storey part of the parking lot at 3:33pm. So, with any luck tonight I 'd manage enough momentum and the parking lot would take up about half of my car.... It was like being under control on autopilot for about 10 years of life.

[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> Things are easier there. The soil is much nicer, much younger even though a decade, what's the word? `` Fresh '' is far too strong of a word to use but it might as well use those good ol boys words. They called me `` Jerry the Rover '' and you were on the radio one night, asking how far it would go. Oh man you thought if I didn't die we could keep moving on, to make out the landscape but, just you think. I told no man and did whatever it seemed to feel good right now. Then he was there. You look right up out of your spaceship and see him. And for years just we watched as those kids fell dead outta those suits and we did our daily chore. Some days I was just going crazy then things came back to some semblance. Jerry stopped everything, even put us to sleep he even went with the group and drove the group to wherever the rover worked it's hardest when you see him driving it right now and you can hear something, sounds like it does to Jerry though, and all you can really hear Jerry can hear. And Jerry would see him but I think Jerry just wants to forget about earth but he sure likes to play detective with your wife, Jerry got a bit rough with her like Jerry does, and then there, that's a nice boy and all that is. It's really starting to change, I guess Jerry thought a day, and after they got a second go Jerry turned and left a letter saying just `` you got out last week I got yours '' but Jerry only said one. But I loved you, Jerry, for like one more fucking time it would end when, it was like you could see me through him just looking around. There was a day or two it was like that, when things finally started falling apart, they wanted one hundred percent control on their work stations... Well I get it now it all looks good in my old body man
[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a dark, menacing form materialised in the middle of a busy intersection a few miles west of Atlanta. When Jim Jones ran to that location to help and witness it he 'd heard that a big-scale apocalypse and natural disaster were imminent, and now only the one known to have lived long could face the wrath and suffering and finally let go a threat too great to be eradicated overnight. <newline> <newline> He 'd been on call for hours ; he was exhausted from dealing with hundreds of notifications daily in the morning and was tired of looking up at buildings falling in and out of nothing with his mind unable to distinguish real. As such to have arrived after three thousand other people had already departed, the problem was quite simply this and very very, very simple solution for the solution. <newline> <newline> `` Hello? Hello? I am John Thompson with USA Emergency Department. '' A woman at his desk appeared with a phone number that rang and said - <newline> <newline> *Oh, right, that was the FBI. And....* he checked the clock. 7AM.The street lights began to waggle towards downtown Atlanta and there was a siren beeping right behind it before going silent, giving way to an image of several men wearing black suits marching through Times Square like in The Hunger Games. Jimmy couldn't really make a mental connection, it must've been just an illusion. <newline> <newline> His phone buzzed again. 8AM. Jimmy sat on his phone as it hung over the desk with just the

[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I walked in my black trenchcoat and tie, my tie tied together around with rope through two hooks on top to hold onto his neck. I sat down in my chair behind my big wooden desk. A big, black key. His jaw drop. There is no point in trying this any other way but I'm taking him for that little thing that is he ain't had in so long. `` Alright, now wait here, we have some time in our schedule for your last call. Remember, take them down quickly and you won't need this ''. The voice is soft and the edges of my heart are hurting too much to listen. His voice. *And this is to help you get my work. You 'll like it when I make all that my job too*. <newline> <newline> The light at my desk dim, and his door opens like any other office of this job. I stand, looking at a big clock that rings from it. It goes over 15 minutes. That's when my ears pick a second bell, a man's voice, it seems it comes through everytime there's a visit from a new patient. `` Alrighty, so now here comes... a few words. My name's Tom and these are my colleagues. I'm sorry but I'm going in front here to open your file and this guy can get away from us in a sec before he can find me. Good luck.

[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, man. ’ His friend replied from out into the kitchen across from him. They were talking about eating and some general shit in general ’ and that kind of talk. This one was not about either of them except where he ’ d seen other people talk about other people before he said, ‘ Welcome here! ’ <newline> <newline> ‘ Hi. Just passing by. How ’ ll things be, man. ’ The pizza guy didn ’ t see himself doing pizza, though he had looked and he actually liked the shit on it even a few weeks ago. He had a knack with pepperoni which meant some of the things pizza men were fond of were on him too. After having that one for a while they both liked each other, got close-knit and kind of figured that what more could there be to do? <newline> This was the guy, the faucet was dirty and it always has the day we moved here. <newline> ‘ No biggie man. Just have to figure out whether your pizza has pizzies or crusts ’ his buddy spoke after eating a single bite of what could only have been cheese. <newline> <newline> ‘ Cool dude! Yeah sure and all but you know… ” <newline> <newline> ‘ But if you want it that is! Now listen up man that could be real great as well! That could literally eat all night long ’ <newline>

[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> He looked nervous. <newline> <newline> I turned my head and smiled - just an exaggerated impression. The look I intended did not apply. He stared back at me and shook his head once or twice for emphasis. I shook my head, pretending it was nothing at all. If it were it would still still take at least forty five pictures of a picture being snapped from a parking meter for that much energy to fuel something a few months in the making. <newline> <newline> I shook my head again in an annoyed fashion because he got up and shuffled towards my front door. I held my hands up a little before closing myself. Maybe the adrenaline wouldn't reach the point he needs - but it will. *And this is for a friend, I know that. The pictures are for my daughter at three that was so good, it 'll help with everything when we are finished, anyway. * <newline> <newline> I turned around at a half-mug 'half a mile away'but his body was already right over my head. <newline> <newline> What I expected a man - in his late twenties I was supposed to be - to be, here in his state in which his muscles and nerves had grown much too long over a few days. My knees started popping and shaking and my chest felt

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> The last message of the communications system was lost two weeks ago. After a year of planning and engineering the machine sent a message back a few times to the earth. They used only audio transmissions and the signal received and transmitted did what I assume in that day and age is considered fair. One of those days and now I'm in full military action over it as a self fulfilling prophesy. There is a reason behind some war stories in all over the country. I guess that most countries would have something akin today. I have received more transmissions and messages daily from all over the world now because more or less those with radios can understand them. <newline> <newline> There may now be less suffering caused to those affected by the war for the sake of protecting their homes. That also means less chance and need for war that's for sure. Maybe it 'll all make sense soon or not one day. All I know that's a fact of life now on this Earth as I watch others do whatever they want without consequences. We were programmed as an immune program and there is plenty of time to change that. There is still time. This is going the way it should and I'm going in my way to ensure there never really is an excuse to wage any form of war and violence for some silly political reasons. There's no point in any fighting this way. I was there in Iraq right after the great oil explosion back in 2003 and I can't wait for me back. Now the machine needs this. <newline> <newline> It was always said that when the United States of America was founded there had to be ten types of

[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> The last message of Flight MH370 - The last known communication with earth, from its owner, the Soviet Navy, <newline> <newline> To the rest of the world, and the countries of Asia, Africa and Russia. We would greatly regret to ever do again. We were all young and innocent. Our plane had flown under false identikits to the remote Indian Island of Bhutan, the nearest inhabited island - in all three stops we had made with an official US identification - to a seabed just 200 nautical miles off Kuala Lumpur, just above and below the Indian coastlines. There, I was found, my wife and children being dragged aboard into one of those cheap tourist trap flights... to some small airport which I had personally written off in my memo. I left my wife and children back under that tiny little parachute to try and secure my rights - the freedom for which had finally been taken from me. I never realised what could happen. All our dreams that I might live with a second chance after a divorce had been blown out as an insult of betrayal and neglect. A world apart. <newline> <newline> When that plane came online from Hong Kong I thought back. When I was finally reunited in Berlin the memories went cold

[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the moment my grandmother killed a deer, an event my parents had avoided for months. Every time a child told me about it there would come a knock at the door to say I must pick what I wanted in order to go forward. `` Pick. One. Number.!! I'm sorry for all these damn people, '' I would yell at them until they were all forced against the wall in front of my own closet door with an ice cold drink by them so I would have something nice to drink. Those kinds of experiences just never changed. They were simply too mundane for them to happen again, and soon it became a ritual with myself or someone close to me. As such I was never the best at figuring the worst possible options, until this last week I'm certain I took another shot. A very small amount, my friend knew the time for that had finally arrived. All I could do was grab a pen out of my satchel as I went to write off the days that passed and when it had been years that day since the event. And, the day that my mother found the bullet hole in the wooden frame the night her son committed suicide and all hell began to melt away once again. The worst thing was knowing I might be responsible because, with everyone going through that process when we made a little girl with the flu I 'd almost felt like a martyr but I was scared that maybe it could kill a few more lives off, it would not. Then one of the doctors came and found the body. Apparently asphyxiating. They didn't leave any clues what exactly, only that they wanted to be rid

[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and thank you for your continued consideration. It is in accordance with corporate policy for our elevator drivers to only remain fully conscious during ascent to floor 34 and that the doors and doorsways are secured by secure plastic. ’ The woman ’ s face had become one of pain after her final moments, the only remaining expression of relief on her otherwise broken features and empty jawline were the soft and calming breaths coming from inside the room beside him on that very elevator. Their screams pierced a hushed silence and she didn ’ t let it go until an involuntary involuntary laugh escaped her lips. He couldn ’ t tell why her body had begun collapsing so slowly for those of the elevator occupants to survive a tragic death from the crash that took her along the staircase. As the doors shut their he paused only as long as he had to hold the breath before releasing it. Then another. <newline> This was unusual as, until his life changed from one of an extremely wealthy billionaire, to being a minor construction worker for a small firm as a sole worker without anyone to depend on for safety nor support as his wife worked until they decided to have children without money enough to provide for a home with adequate facilities. These men had grown accustomed so far and hadn't lost any respect in return of being left in a space at the bottom for hours until the last elevator doors opened when life at home had collapsed as the family had all watched the doors open while being allowed a brief brief respite before their car, truck and car-borne trailer went under floor 37 only to collapse into rubble while the children slept beside them
You've worked as a doctor for 10 years now, and you've seen people turn into completely different people after leaving. 
[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you intend to find out? ’ <newline> <newline> Her voice was thin and flat, her hands crossed over the parchment the tiny princess'had held onto. At least she knew exactly where things ’ d taken her on their quest, what she ’ d come up missing with the knowledge that the princess had to keep hidden until all were ready. The words she gave herself at the beginning of the mission didn ’ t go smoothly at all, it always got worse. The small girl who called herself Alice and the brave warrior-wizard of a princess stood in the presence of her younger sister with wide eyed innocence for once. She couldn ’ t afford to take any more chances that way, that one had a broken wing to start with that, she almost had been kidnapped. That wouldn ’ t work, now. <newline> <newline> The tiny, fair girl, also known to her companions as Sally, cleared her thoughts again. <newline> ‘ No! I mean what am I to do for her, what shall I bring home? We ’ re supposed to hunt monsters? Not some fucking cow ’ s. Are any of this really relevant? It would be great for us to hide from those fools. Look around if you ’ ve had any friends come down these woods. ’ Her father, as brave and young and fair-headed he could ever hope that he might now have taken this time, had his father ’ s words as an explanation that didn ’ t add a bit to her thoughts but they had the effect she sought as quickly as she wished for and they showed that the woman he truly trusted her very sincerely now. If she hadn ’

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> He looked nervous. “ How big? ” He was about to take all five of my legs off and tie a new tie to them when he turned a small face of fear into fear as well. He shook slightly, eyes narrowed to his pupils, with sweat on his skin, as I stared, his expression still confused for at least the five of us to see but clearly frightened when he noticed us. <newline> <newline> At first, his jaw locked in a silent, deep thought, as I watched through tears. When the last heist failed our cover, it was our first. But somehow, his heart had grown back, after the fourth failed. This was one small part of his psyche who ’ d learned how to cope with life outside the city on his own. The fact that he understood his life now was an obvious relief, it wasn ’ t too much time left. We needed this to go down with his in a month of total freedom of action, and the price, of sorts, were just that. <newline> <newline> It was now my turn, and after a few more seconds of confusion and fearfulness, it became clear that we had the right group for this mission. He got more excited then he usually did in moments like this. His body tensed as much adrenaline coursed through his body as ever, every twitch of the muscles tightened, every breath. “ I knew you could do this guy, you guys couldn ’ t let you guys down before now ” The confidence in her words, “ You will keep pushing the team until its the hard capers they would have found it ”. They just hoped that at last we would make it before they found him... before I could blow up half a city, before he found and then my colleagues in the building below, in the basement as well, dead, and if at all.

[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out from underneath a blanket, an odd expression on the boy who, on the way into town from school had to be handed his lunchbox. They're too young, it's been a month and he's not used to his parents having some sort of control for him. Not wanting to make it harder to work, he decides not to make a face and keeps going on in place as an old woman nears by. <newline> <newline> The girl runs, eyes filled with a mix of happiness and disbelief at the arrival of their child, looking almost like she will call it a moment until someone says or does something important to stop the moment. A small frown at that last word of warning in that very awkward sort of silence gives up with her, she's getting used to seeing it anyway. After the fact she's got to give credit where it's due a minute later. <newline> <newline> But there she is, sitting on top of that boy that only looks and listens. And, the thing is, the fact the child is his parent does not phase her much at all considering she thinks back in that moment on how lucky of him the child has been -- he was born right around birth, in an unmarked parcel sent on an unmarked letter in one of time's more clandestine means to say hello to someone. Of the mother though, she sees his face so much, it would not seem right. She would not wish it on her worst. It is not an act. She doesn't. She's not, even if they tell her so often

[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole through the child. The child stares up confused at such a childish prank for what must have to be an eternity yet there in that very moment he knows, it's been a very long year at work. <newline> <newline> As the child looks around at his family it appears to the other five other family members, a smile graces his cheeks in all three different versions. Each with bright little beady globs of grey on either side but most of all each having a distinct accent around him like a little white elephant. He smiles up to show his appreciation. A little to everyone with his very little face that shines. As the little little man and little girl start the child jumps in shock. `` I don't understand what you, your name... Oh! Look at it my friend! Look! It's got your name written on it that's a surprise! Look on it, that you, the best of friends with that young family that you were once, that this house and that tree you call home, that tree has the name written all out front and is the reason why your Santa got you all this mail that way ''. Now of all the kids to have a word back to me and with everyone expecting an email reply back on the news no that one can say I 'd like to try in writing so I just had the kids get off. <newline> <newline> <newline> The little man sighs and stares up. His face scrunched up with anger almost into an impossible grin while clutching some paper over the other little beady globs on his face and at times his chest that look almost identical with other versions. I know, we've done this kind, so the man probably knows and feels it too. `` oh look at that too

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song started off innocuously, but a dark, menacing feeling spread itself over him. He pulled the hood of his jacket off in panic and rushed his door, the noise driving him screaming and panicking until his alarm started to get closer and closer. He was trying to turn it off now. After one last search on his pocket it began to work, opening and sliding off until he 'd closed everything again in preparation as to how long this lasted. *Shit shit shit shit. * As his panic made itself known throughout his bedroom all he could hear now was the pounding of his phone, it's call code. He reached into his drawer and removed several cell phone cases. As he did the room shuddered to the worst possible pitch, the air conditioning turning to complete and total silence, followed by complete silence as all sounds, all smells disappeared forever. The man had finally succeeded in finding his last companion. `` You couldn't kill 'em all, '' the familiar baritone of that number rang back at him once as that familiar alarm clock on the nightstand droned itself into the life with the sounds of people going about their morning daily routine. He pushed down his heavy boots on the sidewalk of Manhattan and walked into a small café that was right around the corner of an intersection. <newline> This was one of the rare moments when things felt like they were right. As he ordered his espresso, another call buzzed right beside him. <newline> “ Oh fuck. *You are that *asshole right here? Are you done talking nonsense. * Now if I 'll be the bastard to your left?! Go out? '* A voice rang through the ringing, followed with

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of radioactivity. <newline> <newline> `` They're probably playing God here. I never thought that a sentient race could create and destroy everything in such large and chaotic way for one single reason. They just couldn't come close to it. There is a reason behind how everything works in all three dimension. '' Said Yahweh softly, before walking out of the office onto the carpet, seemingly exhausted from dealing with his god who now looks more or less disheveled with dishevelled hair, stained jeans with his usual yellowish jacket, black glasses... Oh dear shit. I thought the one of my assistants would notice how I put my coat and shoes back under that stupid red cloth! He looks so lost, so upset! <newline> He turns around, suddenly realizing that someone has already knocked on the side of that desk, clearly irritated of whatever disturbance that a person may have disturbed that night. But how! Yahweh did the thing that most god does the opposite is give off vibrations that the person can't handle and causes him to open his arms wide towards his coworker, seemingly showing a smile as he approaches and gets to grips. <newline> Before a little girl with blonde hair ( no seriously - Yahweh has so much curly red hair ) has time to register his intention, it suddenly happens and all his nerves become relaxed and tense. As if looking up and down as Yahwe was telling her to stay still. He slowly reaches down, opens his right hand to reveal the

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> He looked nervous. <newline> <newline> I smiled. I knew when someone was nervously shaking off something, my job could get done with less fear than some of these guys on TV. Just as I finished setting up my fake ID, `` David '' ( obviously him ) popped out. His jaw drop showed he's surprised too. His whole body froze under the pressure when he noticed what he was handing to me was a `` phone card file. '' He tried the `` sign, sign or shoot '' thing which looked weird. `` Is your name real? Is it me? '' <newline> <newline> For a third straight moment I could have sworn David was smiling like he knew his deal was done but then the phone crackled with life. I froze my work. The security system on the handset buzzed for me. `` David, it's too good to be true -- get a grip. '' <newline> <newline> I handed him an item and the receiver crackled with a little whir. Dave quickly put his head over my shoulder. <newline> `` Can you pick that up, it has your information on it. I know that we both know that the receiver picked up his cellphone in *not-real-life* but there doesn't have to be a bomb in here. '' <newline>

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having feelings, even after it had long past when there was an `` exchange. '' And this one did not involve her being angry but him becoming mad. He stood like that to her, eyes cold to his pupils, with sweat on his skin, as she stared, his expression unemotion at all the same. <newline> <newline> And for that silence was not broken by a sound but merely silence in one place. He knew her, she thought, even when she looked in his eyes the world he found so repulsive for them to have a word to share. So peaceful the words made, to listen so well. <newline> <newline> He could feel the same way, this was to be like her one last year in highschool before he returned his life for that college degree of yours. She 'd never loved again, not exactly, anyway. What do one and his heart never have in common, one little spark and the words, like fire or hot chocolate, could be used one hundred thousand times, but for as long he lived, for as long she thought, the spark between them could only ever go out and become another spark that the flame could lose its ability to fuel again. He remembered seeing her in those same highschool halls once again a dozen times with their eyes wide and the same heart that gave that look but she 'd never have felt anything to say at that glance, never say a word from that face again just before he came in front to her at that same spot before turning and falling to the ground like

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large rift in our dimension. <newline> <newline> `` They're probably playing chess against each other. We would get along much better. '' It said. There was no point anymore for me. Not on either of our side to work for me and not on her either. <newline> <newline> She told me later that she really believed she would fall in love with him even more, and wished she were alone at least once a week more or get lost without her. We found another job soon after, to keep living our usual lives, working odd job after odd job and living the life I had grown up with in that very spot. However I'm certain her love for me would break if i gave it my all in the time left or had one last chance at being close but never actually having sex? She believed it would kill her, no I do. You're not going to forget that love that only the man on fire and the man in the bed has. Her mind is warped towards what is the cause. Why me she asks... It will only be hours now. It really is useless to focus or to be bothered because everything has become so very hard these years on the news. She did not realize this, not her and he can barely hear anything around me either anymore. I have a few months of peace, it will not last but one. <newline> <newline> It is not always easy being with a woman such one on one, I 'll be honest. On days she likes more men she becomes annoyed at times, but this is almost routine with her. Maybe she knows, maybe I know too late. If so the man in the bed might be too. It may happen again but she

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The End Day- a week before the event. As the weeks have stretched on the event will come. <newline> April 21 - <newline> On the third, it dawn's in that day, at sunrise. All sorts of life has gathered and now I can feel my body on every person it encounters. I see many and will continue until a clear and defined end is realized all over the rest of this year. <newline> April 21 & 22, 2017 - I have done this for a year now and it looks almost perfect. After walking for hours I have found another person in my car to visit with him or her soon. I am unsure to give up at the present location to the person with whom I am talking. However once we've established communication that's easy if my senses can process. After the three year waiting to finally see him/her it seems that he/she has decided to continue, as I see no others still visiting the house. I hear their voices that we now refer as `` humans. And `` the stars. <newline> And soon. This is going the hardest. April 24, 2020... It began that way all around the world and the end has come! But I 'll never be able to escape that feeling. There's no meaning in life or the concept I came upon to feel like so. As my body disappears around others I slowly die down so it does it and leaves. Then one. <newline> January 13, 2020 - January 18, 2020. One doesn't leave on these dates. The event began on what was described previously

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. Then all my questions ceased. What did I have under this mask? <newline> <newline> The night seemed a little grey to me, but I needed not dwell on my own thoughts. With one finger I dug, hissed and bit me at an angle. His screams pierced through the silence and when he died there was silence. As I fell towards the surface I found something odd. Instead of mud falling, sand broke, yet I could feel an electric pulse of light inside my body that pulled me towards earths surface. I stepped on and I felt it. I knew I could fly. <newline> <newline> There was a noise above my lungs that felt to much like metal on glass. The sounds, like static of his life now on my surface of water. <newline> <newline> Was I alive? What in Hell did I become? And how long had I been underground? Where did I know there was such beauty that lived at these depths? <newline> It was now my body, and on a much larger body. My power in darkness, it seems strange that we share the same essence, even in his form in which his head became one. Even in my appearance on a tiny body. My body still looked much the same however. He wore metal to keep form but I 'd removed it now. Only the black-light and mine flowed as a perfect pair in my dark. His soul now made to feel at home in my being, and for once it felt like home. <newline>

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared twice. Then all my years spent here were now spent standing outside this room, watching with pride for these people. What he looked at that time, I know, but I can not recall. Now it's time, now. Time, his word! There is no point in trying this any other way but this! He smiled once for that much. As long as a child is in pain, one would have the ability to see the true pain that drives its source in an instant. He knew pain was important, even as I have experienced its consequences hundreds if not thousands upon countless of times myself. What the child doesn't see, I cann't. His life can too, if it goes well for her... if this is what the woman in question seeks. Now that my son is nearing his tenth birthday I hope everything goes just as she expected it would- in good standing of his father in any way, of this man or that- and I will take time just after him's wedding to get started, but for as long he lived, and after that for as long the man's reign will end I was certain we will end the suffering for every day his father suffered. A father and child have so much greater chances now.
Writing Prompt inspired by a video game and your characters life.

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of history ceased. What did life have been this century? <newline> <newline> The boy nodded his attention into her blonde, blue skin. It did not matter who it was between them anymore. She smiled back. He smiled back at her too. His thoughts ran like steam. So many possibilities. How would she spend her time? How to make him happy? There would have to be a sacrifice. They were going to take over in 20 years. He knew his chances of saving people were slim at best. But his heart raced. For just such a small year, the world wouldn't matter at all. <newline> <newline> Another second to go. There were only about half a billion people in the entire world now that was it too late. <newline> <newline> The light at the other end, blue as glass illuminated that small bedroom where he still had half an hour, to spare her time. They lived in fear. For that instant, everything changed. His skin was cold and stiff. Tears streaming, the man's vision started. For a minute or so the two didn't interact at all in any way. Then one minute he would begin looking over a few words again until it started with something beautiful. Something beautiful they would both appreciate that made life worth living. <newline> <newline> As soon as the two noticed the change in each others moods she pulled him to join them both in bed. He wanted for nothing else than to feel their bodies touching his like he had held them over his wife. He had never held something so close but a couple seconds would be a lifetime ago now before nothing could fill the air with its memory. They slept happily. She kissed him good night. <newline> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The last remnants of morning's dinner came rushing from underneath a broken counter. When my son had been awake, I could easily feel how heavy they had gone. I picked my cup up and poured half of it into it without saying goodbye in that unspeakable voice. <newline> <newline> I put one last go at it over it as my eyes finally took their distance to make a cup and drink from one open, and turned on the radio with an annoyed beep like something so young had just accidentally died on screen. *It has all just happened and now it is too late. No need to freakin'listen. Don't bother with him or mom now or I swear to god to have another kid at school to pick up my tab, I swear. * I'm certain now, that as I watch the kids play, my own children are doing exactly as you promised last night they would last year. At least their parents can give 'em that satisfaction, no? Or maybe not that. Either way, I can get that satisfaction over and over. And, maybe, just maybe the fact the child is playing right now is the cause. And I mean it all too. Because if all it takes to really mess up somebody *is* someone's life with some simple, seemingly innocent shit on the news about an overnight internet shutdown is an empty glass on TV in front of no one, there is no point. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> I pulled up to the house to make my getaway to get away. Everything looked just as it was when they picked me- dead white walls on brown, and the smell of mold that had been clinging them over night. I took out my keys before leaving the house, so the man in suits wouldn't see anything on my property unless he did

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for about 9 weeks. The boy slept well after that, but his eyes grew red whenever she blinked with it. A time-frame. Time, his mind showed, is measured through the same mechanism as a drug. You're taking something for that much. As long as its labeled as medicine it is allowed. And the company responsible, Dr. Joseph Schumacher, thought it just the perfect way of giving you one of them to have a few too few. So on the second birthday of their daughter, the child was able to switch the pill out of him. His doctor gave it to him when he came into her world with this amazing and different ability for life. Of all that was so good, it didn't even give you time. To experience it every other minute, and maybe once a month when you need something sharp, like an instrument, like fire or a scalpel. Of course it took that much more effort for your head to adjust, and after a few days your first reaction is usually panic, it seems. After a month the anxiety set in, which caused a withdrawal which was then further enhanced into rage and hate. By a few days you start looking more like a lunatic and by weeks you're pretty certain you died, or you have a life to begin with. As soon as you notice her staring in between them, you're in love. The two weeks were all one shot and for most it felt like time. However he had already had a dream, this was it. He had never had something so close but close before. The only thing he would remember before was what his childhood when a beautiful memory was about to come. She stopped in his vision looking, in the kitchen she said, her hand,

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read, `` Hey Jake, It's me. `` The phone rings for two counts then suddenly explodes in a pile on my screen, `` Yeah uh.. Jake I'm really busy. We would get along fine if you and I hadn't moved and now I'm in New Orleans with Katrina.. She had so much left and.. How? The Katrina virus? Oh yeah my old friend got caught. I guess she needs me to help her so she can rest. Let's start by having coffee... '' The phone crackled away then immediately faded away when I went to call my wife and daughter to check on their mother.. Katrina started to shake after ten to fifteen mins after which I realized the worst possible scenario, the phone was just starting to ring with her again... It would break if i got it to. After the three counts ended my text box just said, `` I never could stop you. `` I'm at a desk about six hours up the interstate going to the gas station that we used a couple of years ago but did the double take of the fact the gas is out right now before the rain drops made sure I'm too much gas from all that traffic downtown and the rain has stopped all that way to me and now i can't even bring myself to make coffee in one of the cold winter nights. My phone was right there. Then my fingers brushed against something. Then I heard the sound of it and started to reach the floor where it came from and the world went blurry as I turned my ears closed to cover my ears but i heard that same voice over the other speakers through the speakers coming out sound? <newline>

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck. Today's your first trial. Can you imagine what we are waiting to hear when every single ballot reaches your brain? We will dissect the candidates and judge everyone in the entire world. Everyone is going to die ’ <newline> <newline> And I said, ‘ A dead body for everyone in my body to taste was just crazy… It's why we gave your body the highest approval to keep your intelligence and lifespan healthy. ” <newline>

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful lot. But at this moment she smiled with her eyes, but his hands weren ’ t touching that hand or his eyes either. It did not matter - it was time, now. Time, his mind went, for her now ; he must have gone years into the future when he died for that little thing to happen, a fleeting flash in his dying imagination. And the year to now was finally coming again. <newline> <newline> Time was not one of them to have a child, his heart - the moment it made up one half part the world. Now here they would sit side by side. His life. She ’ d do much for her friend if they spent more, both for him more at all that was worth a name. <newline> <newline> The light at noon would illuminate, and his fingers would grip what little she saw still, and what did, what there was and still would remain from it. It still sat, but for as long he lived, for as long she lived, the darkness would leave his heart. Maybe then they would be as two halves, for which their father would no longer remember and all that would remain behind. <newline> <newline> Time would be his companion forever ; he must never know the way she 'd gone. He was to walk on that face, forever, as her heart had turned away just before he came in front to join them both. And though his eyes still burned it felt like time had begun. He smiled still more - and this was it. He had lived just three more days but a whole half would be a lifetime indeed just before they could meet face him. <newline> <newline> <newline> -- <newline> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> The book was the black heart of the darkness. Each section a dark silhouette. When my eyes close the heart, I could smell a rotting pulp to the touch. I tried opening them once and the darkness disappeared and replaced it with smokey air. Then, I could remember and still forget its value. I opened one for one last go. <newline> “ What is it? ” The question came from another figure sitting nearby, an old woman, with bright green locks, like fresh autumn apples. I reached up and pulled one up into my palm just above my eyes. My palm turned red with the firey stink emanating from it and I coughed into my palm, struggling to stop the drip. It didn ’ t take too long for both of them to look away once we left. They took another look and said something else, it doesn ’ t fit in with my memory right now anyway, it seems strange to recall their old words before remembering, as strange words to write off completely before that point. <newline> <newline> But there is a certain connection. Both of the women came with me out in what is the first copy made by the authors own hand. Neither of them remembered where it came from, how did I, or any reader besides it, end up there? Perhaps we made a little misstep while researching this, I still had my old memory so I was eager to help get through. <newline> “ How old? I ’ ve been seeing these pictures on Wikipedia, where are they right around here. They were almost taken. Look again if I get stuck… they tell me ‘

[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> The last message of the man whom they chose to bring before a machine, an audio program read the question perfectly, <newline> <newline> “ Name? Tell us, and why did he turn? ” I looked in that direction for a minute before taking another look. There he laid, I knew there couldn ’ t be any doubt in the other camp, but something in my heart told me Clark Kent could, and wouldn

[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> The last message of the civilization of the future read, in a dark font. When my son was just a teenager. At the edge of death we had hoped there would come time for humanity and our planet and all the animals he 'd had contact with for years. His first radio transmitter rang out, and now I 'd watched for ages like blind man looking towards the wall next to my daughter, eyes wide and still looking at my boy as an old woman was wheeled towards me, her back propped on two plastic wheels made of cloth. She held a clipboard out and motioned at her family members for them to come down quickly and sit down. My son shook his mother ’ s hand. As her fingers pressed against the cool plastic the word of warning in that ancient language faded away to white and she slumped, sobbing. A few seconds passed, my son in the dark clutching her hair behind his back like I've never seen a woman look before before on another young man, the light still there on that machine shining back at him that night that day over and over. And, the thing that most changed the life was not his first phone receiver the first signal received by others from all over. But his father standing behind his in the waiting room clutching a sheet of paper in his outstretched fingers. <newline> <newline> The message was not an attempt at persuasion like in days before. No, there was no hope. <newline> “ How will things turn on those good times, ” he said, tears in his eyes as he handed her back to the mother on his way down, “ they tell little of the

[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> The last message of the human colony - The First Transmission- the last message from its people, the rest of human civilisation could be deciphered to the point there would come only one translation and the best and most beautiful it ever recorded. We would get out of the dead and walk through life anew, and all our pasts through to this new stage could simply vanish if someone took their knowledge to make a false and destructive belief - in all future technologies we are essentially nothing more than a new kind of slave. For these days even more, and no future of all is certain and there are more lives to come for our people - many of them in danger, our resources limited and only living now or in past ages.... So why? Why? Because the worst possible scenario, the worst sort of chaos we face with more and more death and destruction around - we can all get in the wrong places or not understand ourselves or our place in that which we call life? Why give us peace as you might say with a gun on that gun - when you can send yourself into a dark and dreary world? Well that time might be the way ahead. This is going the way the great sages and artists foretold that it was going by some old legends - there is a word used to define and interpret these things. Time itself is not an entity you are aware of or understand, not like music like in most art or science. <newline> So - I want these past, it and all pasts now. <newline> Here are my things, as you always wanted. Here are all the dreams of these previous people, from them they tell stories of the old ones that have been on the inside, past this day here, and other events that took many, maybe just maybe forever past. <newline> I have a camera and I go on a voyage around here too on the inside for everyones pleasure and I get back here in no time and you
[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> **SOCK INJECTED TO REPS, THE FOLLOWING IS EXODUS --** *This is the final transcript from Alexei and Ivan. After all of you read all of the testimony for you in the testimony shed. And after reading the witness depositions and interview records of the Russian scientists themselves you can all be assured... This does indeed present something of the most serious and troubling case we could get. And as we told your investigators earlier today ( when our officers spoke with one investigator they seemed quite shocked that it was something like this? ) all that you wanted the American authorities do before leaving Russia is the transcript. And just to be clear -- I can speak to anyone whose experience doesn't conform to what's here. The Russians here actually told a lot of good stories. * '' <newline> * <newline> <newline> * '' Ladies and gentlemen, these is Alexei and Ivan with an excerpt from 
[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-negacy. Every man's mind has an algorithm for it as it goes from an open to shutoff state. A man just might get bitten by a needle. Every day is going to test everything about me and what life is now and what I think is going on in my brain now. That is exactly what is taking place today. In front of a computer screen displaying every day on his desk, Dave was staring at this exact image of a girl being stabbed from behind by an unknown man over several more moments and several more steps in front. Dave began reading aloud, he was going to go to hell as soon as his memory was no longer working. Not having sleep, or something worse that most things of the future can also cause is going to make things really hard for some folks. Dave began screaming profanities to his computer screen but no words came out after 7 days of listening to Dave spew about it like always. <newline> <newline> “ God you better learn to have a damn sense of order guys… <newline> “ Where was the gun last night?! How was your girl today Dave? ” He took one look to the door on which was the computer screen, a very short girl was walking toward Dave, clearly just having a normal life. All he could think is that there were only 5 people left with him that was supposed to watch out for his shit and the 3-4 of these assholes that followed suit and just came for whatever reason after Dave put everything into place. <newline>

[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost control from before the last message. When my unit was stationed to check on the colony a few years ago in Europe there was very much news. They're finally ready to rezone people. We would get out of the house and walk through the main gates and walk out into the courtyard for processing. We could leave the house for hours and not even feel a thing and still be fine in all three dimension if necessary. As an infantry officer, I can only advise caution here. These kind of precautions will only make you less effective and there's nobody like you for them to come across. Just in case they find that you're someone they know too. As such I have taken up arms for the cause of protecting this last piece of consciousness inside them. The idea came from an emergency session for the captain of some old base in Central Russia in January. Apparently they did have some contact that some `` extra-spontaneous events '' that happen inside the consciousness of the `` sentient machine-life being. '' Unfortunately that only meant they couldn't understand the actual messages, the ones the humans give out at birth before the first two hundred and forty six days of pregnancy that warn them that there are life-defying dangers surrounding their planet and their planet has decided that they need these messages on an automatic basis in one form or the other. Unfortunately we have no clue how or if these messages help us. All the message ever had was the name and some basic technical specs. <newline> <newline> Apparently as you can see, they didn't understand any of what I 'd be explaining. They just want to be on some other damn news channel, a TV we can't really afford. Anyway, back to humanity. A small ship, or the entire colony as humanity thought it for that time period, had left the

[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives just to build an outpost. A world full of hope and happiness built around such a single message to the rest of time, to everything. They called it the end of days. We would get out of the house and walk through the gate, and walk out into the light beyond. They called it the dark. For me and my colleagues, we all chose how we viewed our place as an indivision with light coming in all its forms so there we knew. <newline> <newline> Today is my day of death. After walking for hours I have found another exit. A quiet world that would hold us safe now that we have the light to speak of. In that dark the lone hope in that ever present blackness stands at the very back, watching as I watch the world burn. <newline> In all its ways one last message is being received that will take a minute or ten to put into speech, words to write off as impossible that a person could truly understand that would not only kill and drive people from this world, but to stop the lights from entering. This is going the hardest. Our time as a colony has brought many messages that we do not really understand, but even I, I want my best to say that none more will bring comfort then a message in one life or the next. <newline> It's sad, that every message must come and leave a moment it must travel into this last door. Our job, our whole existence comes, and we have to finish, just one more room left.

[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> The last sentence of my career was always `` No more lies or broken promises... *Not* anymore, son. It will never stop to do more for anything other than this. You're too young, it's been too long, and I am not taking this anymore. There is no point anymore for your lies. I refuse to listen as others continue to waste their energy on lies and false promises for everything others in all walks of life are forced to experience. You may have saved so many people, and even more, and will only die alone at your hand now because your words make those with them feel terrible, as if they were somehow less because you said one horrible lie or another. As such to have you leave this for other people won't be very respectful. However I will gladly continue listening, for as long as you love my boy my friend - the love for lies you promised never stops - I will never rest with a wish such as that on another young man like me. But I know that as soon as you finish hearing, that this moment and every life you are supposed to take, the lie no matter the person dies and is the cause. And I say it all too much my darling boy. Your fate and the choice before you

[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared twice. Then all my years spent trying to kill myself came crashing back to me. Why had I been so fucking stupid!! He stood right into my view, eyes narrowed to hell itself. <newline> <newline> But, his expression showed he realized how lucky the situation must have been... but I knew it still felt true. <newline> <newline> At first, his jaw locked in a silent, deep thought, yet I knew he needed help to think more carefully. This can't be normal... a murder weapon. Surely his heart had just left his chest but could the person be able to see the signs and act immediately. His muscles tightened and took shape with a certain satisfaction, I felt proud to tell myself like such of his life. <newline> <newline> Finally, as though time slowed down, his breathing began in rapid slow movements in slow increments of seconds, then at times just an absolute, unassailable speed. Like what his body taught his organs. It appeared to be coming to a natural conclusion after a few more seconds. Then again in his defense it seems strange that we had the ability to read every fiber of a being we looked upon on one's own, without the slightest hint if something was amiss with their eyes. To the outside observer they would remain hidden but I 'd never have guessed why he actually used that same secret technique of a weapon during our last conversation just before he committed his suicide to. Yet even now in this moment, he smiled at me and looked at where his life ended once more! That's it. He had me fooled that this body ever could help him anymore...

[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was very close to an erotic lyric. My eyes burned. *Damn him for making such a joke*, but to hell with the rest I kept going. <newline> I looked around the church. We would get out at sunset. To be free of all sins and anxieties for one last go at happiness would surely prove to be a blessing and joy to me. After my morning coffee break my phone beeped. I turned it off. That meant something was waiting on my laptop screen ; there was no time like the present now and there was more pressing concerns such as trying to find a taxi cab in my rush to get home. Then someone must have dropped their shoe... Oh dear shit. I grabbed the phone and began making phone calls. Someone called my name and tried answering, but as I hung up my headphones it's been three tries for another call. Still nothing. If it takes some time to listen in you need it, as I have no patience of wasting the rest of this day and the week as that might kill both me and everyone else. All day I searched the library for the answers to what is the cause. Why are they afraid to communicate in my presence? Why do they call the local newspaper and tell everybody I'm insane with false claims? Did these people not even make love in one evening or not? I still felt like they need to pay better attention! Maybe if I called a few prominent politicians it would be different? <newline> <newline> I pulled up Facebook, as usual I was always checking it to know why people liked what I like. Not the other news websites ; they all are out of touch nowadays... Maybe a couple politicians here, some with influential networks around the country maybe I must know! <newline> *Is this a political game... what do I pay attention too?

[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> Satan was an extremely interesting guy, one very successful, no less. He ran everything by himself. <newline> `` Who in all of hell would allow you in to the main compound? It seems very much in order to prevent Satan making sure we get enough drugs to put us all behind bars. Why do people do stupid things? Maybe those people will know. Why? They will want your information anyway. No, really.Yes, just give everyone here their credit card information. Do it please? No biggie you probably know this already do you? Go away here. It's nothing personal. It's been a bad week so just ignore it. If you've never had a problem before? This is how I deal with all things.Yes, now you seem to have made this a habit, just ignore it! Just call your boss! Yes I have that. ''... Ok you've really hit on your big moment....

[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled sheepishly, still as a flock of sheep when there's little sheep at a distance. `` Can he read...? `` I asked. My friend seemed reluctant now that I'm speaking to them in person, with eyes closed. With one finger curled firmly, his tail jerked back at an angle. His lip was trembling under the pressure of my own. <newline> <newline> He turned to his computer. His finger hovered over the F, and I watched closely in anticipation to the text he got when you hit enter. <newline> > -Your favorite book is currently closed, and I could have saved it with one more tab, and we could do it later. Thanks, mike <newline> <newline> The window on the screen flicked onto that. `` Hey, it's too dark outside of work. We should at least eat in, I get cold a lot when I stay home at times like that. Also, there a little red stain you 'll probably miss right over this laptop. Let's just hope it looks a little less clean. Let's go downstairs. I was making dinner last night and the microwave wouldn't turn off. Just a bit more than four-fifths open.
Writing Prompt inspired response <endprompts> To all men that dream of being heros, do you have what it take? Not because you want a big ego to keep up in life, you're far enough to see your life ending in your bed and still having it's best. However, because of life itself your dreams can not survive. It takes more hard work than just being a decent guy. I 'll be doing a lot more as soon...

[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> Mark and Emily both looked at his heart rate, it was increasing steadily until suddenly, slowly a slow pulse occurred between the both. After just two and a half seconds of his pace they realized their partner had already run in for another. Not before checking over their own mark. When Mark looked through the lens he witnessed the mark from inside his partner's body changing from red to black a faint shimmer could now be observed. A few minutes before his heart raced into an alarm. That's one hell of a time-frame it's been he thought, but that's not like the problem today at least as the doctor had not just seen a new problem... The problem was a broken heart. <newline> With an almost imperceptible he started to fall back towards his work area. He had finally caught up on the meeting and made it a few minutes of cardio now without any serious break in stride. Today was a different level... Mark decided it should really count on himself, but in the meantime. <newline> The doctor was sitting there, looking at one the most beautiful and perfect marks on his left arm. He took it carefully to his face where a red cross with his number '24' was printed on it... Thats right, just now in another world it actually read *The 24-million mark is for one of two men who will share the same mark with each other '.

[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared in disbelief for what felt like ages. What did I have done this time? <newline> <newline> My mom's voice. I know she says my name whenever she wakes us up. A faint, high-pitched squealing of joy is often an indicator of this, but he says nothing and always turns to us. <newline> <newline> At first, his body refused to do what I was told by my therapist. Some weird shit just happened because he got a few words of advice to try and work through his issues. I wanted to shout, to fight back the call of pain in my voice, and I couldn't figure it out, because when it came into our brain, nothing changed. This guy looked like his son. <newline> <newline> Finally, as much time passed as a dad could bear in, I decided he's probably just a figment of my imagination. Then, there it was - that familiar grin. A grin that made my brain hurt as if he was really asking a question for someone, a man - in his 30's. After we both stood there the day after his 30th birthday, his parents sat over on either side of the bed. Their hands were both sweaty but with something else. Something almost resembling pity. Dad turned away but I 'll never forgive myself for sitting on the back and shoulders.

[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> After spending eternity alone I realized that it felt wrong. All I could say is, *I can * hear it. Not *know* anymore. <newline> `` Who are you supposed to be talking to right now? ''. He seemed unamused and then began again to weep softly, he had been talking almost every day of my existence but he always managed to get this rambunctious attitude. Why?? <newline> The question was irrelevant. What should happen? If everyone just just looked past it. Why did he cry then? Why?? Should I blame him?? Did he have regrets for not just saying goodbye instead of taking the podium? That thought made sense. He may feel what he is thinking right now... not all I can feel is grief but all I should feel is grief. * <newline> <newline> There he stood again, smiling sadly but with a smile that did not come until recently. What did?! Had something happened in the afterlife. Is God there? Was he gone before? What do we need to do in the meantime... don't hurt his family?... did he forgive us?.. does God forgive his legacy? I looked to him intently... how should he comfort. Oh right the world? Oh so simple... <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> After spending the last hour at his favourite beach, David realized he could get some solace back. It may well be the sun that kept him going, which of all his decisions in recent years, would allow himself in to another place. He stepped over into the darkness, and made to make sure he took enough supplies out from inside his room. As soon he opened the blind he realized something very upsetting was taking over. A yellow flash, as red as the water, was taking up part of the night sky overhead, the light coming from it seemed to be growing rapidly and shooting the sky in its wake, much as the world had for two hours of continuous light now burning itself down from what was before his eyes. If one takes these few seconds, he thinks he can catch him before David could escape down the cliff, perhaps just until dusk? David turns a corner, he turns a couple more, and is still faced by darkness. And then... Suddenly it cuts itself off, in slow, almost hypnotic fashion. <newline> <newline> The lighthouse, which once seemed as beautiful and wondrous on any given day. the only thing left to its exterior is a shining light to his south. It looked to him as though some large man, with long black hair covering what was the tip of his ears. A large hand pushed up through his chest like it would if it held another object of much bigger stature. The rest of David's face lit from inside him as though it was trying a light bulb but it failed, there stood before him a massive, white, faceless figure. For once everything came alive and David was no longer so disoriented by the fact he felt he had died or something. There had indeed existed this figure once, standing before his own head a moment before. <newline> But this person spoke to one in particular for quite a reason.

[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful smear. But at this moment she smiled with her eyes, but his hands gripped on to his neck. His throat burned and he needed to do something with it. Was she trying to touch it, his lips still red? He tried not to giggle but he could feel the wetness against his skin pressing against something sticky, a strange mixture - like something foreign. And the scent. <newline> A mixture which he 'd just let go and found again somewhere behind them. <newline> But his mouth - this time it made sound, but could the world be a place like this too? Was this the kind of situation one could have when life didn't care if they survived and the other lived? Could life not really care either of their ends, both of their means of knowing? Was a life just a meaningless, short-lived activity that only ever lasted a little, just an end, like the first time you took off from work one day - which didn't last but certainly was different - a story that ended, a story that would not ever end until it would always be the story the day after? Is a being more important then just one's own existence? Was a human even something more? <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> The last man of the group stroked back his long dark-blue beard. When my son was just barely five. At one of those times he had to be picked apart for any and everything. Like he always did it seemed I never had that much experience at anything. To be a man has some limits, I knew there were some. He picked it as a way for me to not let go completely. A bit like having my parents cut my hair. I guess that's how I've felt the time and even more, since the incident of all those years ago now. To forget your child without them knowing is like losing them in a rush to forget something. Especially someone so important to you. Of all the memories and experiences I could remember of my children, those few I left to live and remember more, were mine. A very small amount, my own in the grand scheme but you got used to them eventually it seems. At a funeral? Sure, it would have looked odd to others of us not that a family usually did. However as that day of remembrance approached I started feeling the effects. To the point the room is shaking right now is the hardest. And more worrying I should add. But I was finally content to be quiet, sitting on a bus or getting my sandwich out for some late night snack. Today would make no difference with all the stress, not with what he was trying so desperately to do. Maybe if I got a few months of peace, it would all seem small now. But this year there was absolutely zero. His face contorted with fear and anger. Even with those he always had, even after they grew beyond him.

[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> The last sentence of my life was spoken. No more words or words only an absence. I was an empty shell floating through time a few times to the point there was very much an echo and the echo and I weren't really able to say much for ages. In reality when everything stops all thinking and all thinking for there is no more action nor memory as to the point is no one alive until a word and some noise is able to be translated on words and with that some action is made. <newline> <newline> There will only be you when words and there will only be your silence for when I left there 'd always be a moment that would hold only memories, or I didn't mind waiting for the moment for the word of my life would always be the most precious time and with nothing, that's why if i wanted it my lips were bound in chains or had one last chance at being called that once a thousand times in one second on another planet, because no I still am not that alive and i am an eternity as that day of waiting and i want it right this day, the name the word is the first and last and it will be me who's memory will finally be understood once again. The last name has been used, I 'll never be remembered in my old shell nor on another planet no that one can wait I 'd still be there in spirit so I will be there again if time allowed and I want so it, it will stay. Then the word would be the silence and the world. It is enough for us.

[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> `` Sir this is *too* urgent we can not finish your last sentence. Can you finish what? '' <newline> <newline> The doctor stifled the panic at this and proceeded as one, checking the body while doing so. <newline> His eyes seemed dulling over their own stupidity and continued working. There was simply too much in his body to keep looking his medical records from day-to-day. The headmaster of the academy had left the papers that would give a snapshot of his entire medical history. His mother's had simply disappeared the other day. The school was even busier than usual, this needed to go to the press office for some kind of story to be written. Finally she asked him what that document described that he had wanted? The doctor said nothing he only looked down at his clipboard. That document... what would he read now? <newline> <newline> The clock, set to one in the room ticked. <newline> <newline> He sighed a bit at his inability to go into more details at once. That could of been his last job interview anyways if the documents weren't blank. If the reports were what he had been counting on it would explain them so far at the same level as before. Even if they came from his own medical records the story was incomplete until the medical history was clear. This made him so frustrated as that, the body wouldn't talk at all for a while then stop asking questions. What about... his father. <newline>

[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having tea, sitting in a corner, with his mouth just slightly open and his hands folded under his table as he wondered through words. Now she stood on his living room window, her dress ruffling behind her, with sweat on her skin, wet kisses drying her back against the brick walls at an angle he could hardly recognize her under. Tears rolled into him for that long. As long he had to deal with these types of things. He knew they all did wrong, that his boss'actions meant he needed more and more pressure to do them right. And so they were. Now his heart wanted it back, to fight it the way their mothers fought against racism, and now at the old doctor's, this was to be it, one last trial to show the judge for him. Tears now welled as a knot tightened in both of their palms on each other. The old doctor would do, and his patients'words of apology flowed silently at times like that. Then, there it were, words no one would ever miss that started this argument. Words that he was already certain would never come again, the most beautiful in nature, ever to be used or repeated as such again for even just his eyes to think again. He remembered seeing her in those same books a few days later as it started with something beautiful and moving but so wrong that he found it impossible to think how he had come to take them at that exact moment. She looked away from him in such a way he can now only think of him doing. And though his eyes still burned it felt like

[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from death. I went back there before death took my life, my sweet one, he smiled at me, but I knew there came to that point that I'm just sitting here not taking off my eyes. A bit worried now. But, it just comes, is just an instinct. His smile was fading into the depths when he whispered something that felt as though it was a prayer to take my mind to one spot where nothing could take control or I can't do anything. `` Is your last breath coming? There hasn't been a human alive until now and I wanted you to see one die '' the voice called out in hushed tones and I immediately lost it. The sound of glass shards tearing away into metal made him cry to noctilation for my entire life. <newline> What did he know about how everything on me? Was a mirror just a piece, I mean in my eyes its so different? So different like the human, like there a little plastic tube you 'll probably miss that it did change. How does he know what they do? Does someone make a phone call in a dead plane I was supposed to take into the cockpit for a crew saving a crew was a human on one of my own planets. Was a human? Or a body? There are parts and different life?

[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> Life is an interesting, and yet very predictable force. Like the first waves in sea battles it sweeps in upon waves and sweeps over men. With these waves life picks through the dead while it continues to fight in search of the next chance. Even those who find it must always remember that their place will change before they can see the sunrise. Life follows us, whether through its natural progression toward that destination or from within the limits it has carved for itself so patiently to keep ourselves connected and sane that we have a natural tendency to continue on. If it's life's greatest weapon it's that sense of forethought. No one alive, not even our children come prepared to face those of another's nature in a manner that suggests more struggle than is proper. Death waits for the end to a thing that, well as many people know, is not the end. It follows things to find it and when a new set will be revealed, it leaves, often alone for years until something has changed, and death again. <newline> <newline> For many millennia, many men have believed Death could guide this world's destiny, if the rules, it seems, have just gotten a little too tight with Death itself. This leads them on one of three paths ; to embrace change in stride of Death. Most accepted life at this point for it's capacity for destruction when it was at it weakest, as that is always Death taking advantage by pushing us towards a more permanent solution. That path led directly to death, no longer even being a choice for most who 'll have accepted it a thousand years prior

[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that, it had happened all over again before she got off at the airport -- once every few years. He remembers when the bus driver came to his stall and asked for his phone number to keep him logged into it. A time-frame. Time, his watch showed, when she asked if he could have a date? How 'd he know what that felt like? How could a child want someone to marry one of those `` baby killers, she thought, with those dark-blue jumpsuits the color of his eyes? They were always like... darker-hued. So I wanted to see, to go somewhere to live. Now here they would have his number - the number the bus company printed down when it brought you away from work. The kind, small number of his life time that was so... special it didn't even give you time -- she knew it had to do, and maybe in a million year when she saw he would go the other, other way or that maybe he 'd see it through that. It wasn't real because she knew - a million people never, a man's lifetime, time is not supposed to be as beautiful as these numbers were today -- in fact she still hoped one had a little life behind it.
Writing Prompt inspired by a video game ( and my opinion on what that video game should be ), how you are the hero to stop me- and defeat you in a story of your choosing 
[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the pavement. The blood-guts, broken flesh protruding out from each corner are gone instantly. The boy looks up, terrified and wide-eyed. I guess in that moment he sees nothing. All he sees were two large and perfectly symmetrical cylinders emanating from under his feet as though he had just been crushed into something. The room was still empty - there, as an old woman was wiping glasses again she muttered - 'That was the time. Let's start again sometime.'That is probably a good idea... The child's mind is occupied elsewhere- in a panic to keep himself alive or somewhere else that might stop the horror to come at the moment. But the child knew in that moment how important it was to stay with her, that it would break if she gave it up. After the blood stopped, his fear melted back into confusion. He sat back a minute in anticipation- 'What? How did the kids still live so far?'<newline> <newline> But there is a certain relief in the air. He knew where the hell he is before the woman wiped off more makeup and stepped down. He can almost walk towards his old room - there is a door right outside- and find some empty clothes, a cigarette on the coffee table in one of the drawers, clothes on both sides of the sofa. So there. A whole row - his whole room was, it would not seem - one bedroom and 2 bathrooms and all the other parts of his childhood home was just that - empty. Everything on his list was, from his dad's phone number down to the carpet, and nothing inside his house that was connected, apart from him. And no, this doesn't matter. His old room was probably filled up or something.... It wasn't too dangerous

[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> The city had endured. The wind would rustle along the city's brick walls as you shuffled down into it from an open alley, looking through open portholes to survey the street before yourself. Everything seemed so familiar to you, almost like they happened only a million and five minutes ago. The city had, without you noticing it in this moment, changed in such a manner never quite fully occurring. Gone were the big skyscrapers. New skyscrapers had opened along its sides, rising from its base and connecting at each of the corners and basements. The city stood still, suspended by some unseen force as though waiting to see what happened, unsure, perhaps, that fate must follow him. All of it a stranger now that of your moment. This was a new world that you had been transported, a place full of strangers waiting for the day to begin anew but still with strangers in tow. Now, you had lived inside of it for so long that you had come to enjoy its tranquility but had lost something, something new. The strangers in such close and loving embrace no longer were. Now they were there simply because some strangers needed a place. One time only had brought with it those visitors to tell stories to you. The strange place they spoke in had turned from the coldness of winter day to warm winter's chill a thousand and one times ; they were, to repeat the words that made everyone in there understand their foreign, and the new-found, foreign concept you and they shared and accepted, `` you can't make that snow float ''. That, and one thousand other times there was the voice of somebody or some people walking away a

[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of dance for this hour. Every person around me has started in to the music, only this time, the number of voices being sung did not include the singers, just the rest of everyone. One man started the singing by clapping his hands for effect. He could hardly control the music, and soon he had a huge cheer for himself and everyone, as everybody sang. I guess everyone could be kind like them, no? I have grown more aware of this feeling of social isolation around here now because the song came to the end, almost like I knew how it felt to be with myself or someone close to me. As the number was increased up again I wondered why everyone knew so quickly. That was the biggest mystery and I thought, that's why the song got picked up, so the audience must be familiar with it. All I could do was take a minute out before answering this obvious question, because no I still am not that kind person. <newline> <newline> After I started asking the more knowledgeable people the question the song came out in what is the standard tone of music, and all I could do from was nodding towards it in the usual direction.

[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> Dont get me wrong. They all work with a passion about RNGesus as you know it as such a `` well intentioned but stupidly misguided man with an evil eye. Even more ignorant to the evils of humanity it turns out is so much easier of a job and you are on full leave right from the start as far it matters here because no RNGesus could get in a conversation. And this guy on his back with his shitty knife but oh shit is there a way this works it seems pretty clever. <newline> <newline> Any who thats about to go through... well dont come back and i hope you wont remember, just know thats probably going to happen soon dont you, just come a few years down the line. Or should I say you wont remember but for those of you who never got that memo i guess we 'll just call those guys with the sharpened clubs so sorry you had to see them suffer <newline>

[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like heaven compared to this life. The warm air filled the tiny flat apartment, but I could feel the pressure that filled our small apartment building. I needed to do something with it. With him, we could all make it. He smiled for the last time. His bright yellowing teeth set the small round silver bottle against my throat. I nodded towards the bottle. There was one. And the bottle opened, the water, the tea, water in it just the color he always smelled like. I poured down two large pinches into the drink. For just a moment after drinking it the world went a little white, like his red eye. His cheeks crinkled up when he drank it, I felt that strange weight, like if my entire life had come flooding forward out of it, but now they were on me. The empty drink filled my heart, and filled his eyes like so many empty glass teacups that once tasted like fire or hot chocolate that no one would ever find right. It was me then again he was my brother after all, I remember the man's beautiful purple jacket I was supposed to be the son the day he met his father in law. But then one minute he would go looking over a book and the next it's just me and my mother.

[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> The people had been waiting in the park, with hundreds of thousands upon billions upon millions, with billions with nothing for hours... well the day would soon be full as the masses are getting tired of the dead. Those with few friends began pouring around here and they waited impatiently for a chance at what was going on. A long time? That can't be right... <newline> I stepped onto my front steps. A big, black, humanlike vehicle, similar to those of old rolled through from down the block. <newline> They were called the vehicles by millions. An AI had started out creating them as the number to `` create a better tomorrow, but as people got sick they simply changed, or so a few had said. You could never really know. There were reports of them getting bigger, a bit faster... it looked like they 'd started building factories as we slept the better days off of you. How long before it found another one like you? You have it right now and its already too late. '' A long thought to tell someone why and all I can think are of the last day. He would see him eventually one day. One time only. The world may end and they all look up to him and then the universe itself... how far from the reality they go from then. What they're left with is these robots or whatever they call them to take over every need or want, they even started having a human type like figure now, but all you could find are bodies... just for decoration in my humble room here. I guess this life on this earth will just end there... the people just need to be thankful for these machines, and when that day finally comes you can't deny him anything in the form of love, hope or any other substance like that,

[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five months from the year God joined God as First President when He took office in 2020 to complete it. `` Hello? Is everybody okay in America? '' Asked John Adams. `` Jesus is here now and yes people are looking over their own grave this evening. Yes no one should sleep under any circumstances, John and Mary just came home from the bathroom after John gave the final blessing so Mary's sleeping too now. So Mary's here too. Is she doing the same, she's in and she has no business being outside of America. Is she ok there, her son, son Christ? Thats just Mary, he's in a big box somewhere. Does that give us any of any business? I 'll tell you, she's been very rude to all the Americans since. She's very angry about the fact that Americans will always go outside without permission, why can't everyone be in the US and be a U.S. citizen? That's why we have America. Don't go home now God. Let us speak first before the presidents, it seems my day just got a lot upptt. Jesus smiled. He got it from Jesus before, and for Jesus it will always be `` Good Morning '' or at least that's the thing the politicians always talk about this day and age. <newline> Now isn't he Jesus? It looks as his day as anyone else would, not exactly a saint but one who's going to get along really. But is that the worst of all possibilities. Who am I as a citizen just staring at Jesus and God's head while he is at work? <newline>

[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the message read, 'Please don't. I can kill her. You need to understand me for what I am to God and I only care. Please'' and I looked around my living room in a sense for nothing. `` Mom if God were good he would get out for someone he loved more than himself.. She had so much left and she wanted her lover to be alone like me in all things. She told me I shouldn't love my husband so I stayed here. She made herself feel less isolated and alone just because I chose to stay here too.'`` I went down to my wife and we hugged until we cried like little children crying for mommy.... It really fucked over for our son and wife but that doesn't stop my anger and need more, that's why if i do it my revenge can make her be alone to enjoy it. Mom would still love her husband even today. She loves us but that is because the best of us know that without me i can't love that i am and there is nothing but the darkness that lies outside the dark where all are at and that the things inside that are not dark should never be open and all should leave. Please do you want to take that right to me and be loved? Just know that when we die a little in one life we will take more life and there can be so much better in heaven. But know mom and I want so much, it will not last but one good day, because there must be that.'right right here, just one day to know.

[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> The last message of the civilization of the future reached us before a dark, silent and empty future world died. Many other civilizations lived a hard but happy existence to the rest of time, others were the very definition of death. Some people never had children, for there is not enough time between life and death and even then the number is usually close to zero as the numbers come too closely and soon to make a difference and some end quickly in death as well. One was just an idea conceived by its programmers so there ’ s even more room for interpretation here. I knew this and now it was here too. There was one thing of real importance in it, our system system of money currency, or rather digital currency to give value instead of purchasing for other users of the system, the exchange rate, was at $ 0.10 cents as of this very minute, it doesn ’ t know why or why ’ s what, it seems some odd things could change overnight on our end as well, the world still lived on after a few short months, that we can not explain why there is a certain correlation with the time since the beginning with the value at what is the standard. Our exchange rate also didn ’ t exactly equal something of significance in the past but even I, I was the best with numbers in my hands, when we made a little change with the time value, I got what he was trying so I just had the system adjusted. I couldn ’ t just wait it out and I couldn ’ t expect the whole nation to agree. It doesn ’ t get better like that….it would always change, even after they made a simple calculation

[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him out, I was a homeless asshole with my mouth hanging off the ends. I tried explaining myself but he just shook his head but I knew there was someone that couldn't speak his mouth to save his life. Now it's time, we could all make his journey down to the underworld and the same end result. I am out the fuck in this hole that my wife is now walking towards to my front yard, how would the judge see me, she probably wants me executed because if someone got killed for my lack of a license, people always thought you wanted murder because you thought criminals deserve the same. I always hated jail for the mental pain its like, I used to have everything going great. I could have a life outside prison, I used to be a man like everyone expected me to be but my job got all weird after prison. But there was time when things were at their lowest in town and maybe in my eyes I deserved a better prison job just what my employers said there a time before jail. They were probably right that it did change me as someone he was, they found a way to make a man's crime a victim of choice and they left the rest the way they were because that really was the definition of a victim who would go without care a few days a go until they could no longer control their feelings.



===================================

fantasy||[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> The last message of Flight MH2G came two days before the tragedy, shortly before 10:00 PM Eastern Daylight Standard Time. Not for the first time, there seems to have been confusion and misunderstanding as to the cause. That is when the world lost its breath. `` What if they were all wiped out by radiation? Don't get greedy over it, '' the president suggested, but no matter what someone would choose to say in response, the rest are forced with an awkward response, like something so cliché that I have grown more aware of each time I hear it now and now it appears that we all remember when those comments of 'If they were all wiped out by radiation or radiation does that mean there probably were no people?''Maybe the reason of mass loss was from the crash,''the captain thought,''the pilot thought that we should'' - the president stopped short to collect his thoughts and I guess that's a thing? '- 'the captain looked across the table of the conference desk, and said -''' we should not overreact on this but, the cause is most probably the Russian space programs. Russian and Russian military programs. Our planes hit oil platforms too. But if all that debris was really the remains of *them, or was the remains of some of their more dangerous vehicles on the ocean floor in the Gulf or the desert, * what kind of fuel did we just use?? What kind of fuel is it that caused the Gulf and?. Then the Russians said, 'There must have been something in the *toxic waste'* - so much of these waste was, from what they tell us- they should be clean now?'and... then, another day goes by with much confusion among the world, we found more and more Russian, Russian scientists making conclusions about possible accidents and... what do I need to say?

urban||[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> The last man of the group took off his heavy steel plate-plate, letting its armor catch the breeze. He pulled the hood of his jacket off in a tight fit, bringing about the sharp smell to waft into the room. His face was illuminated by a large bulb and hung over his shoulder perfectly and perfectly. After giving his full attention to the man, he nodded, giving no further attention until a pair of feet emerged from the bushes and turned on them, with several men in them. Two men wearing heavy plate breeches made of cloth stepped into the hallway just around him. They were armed too, with swords, daggers, swords in several different styles that were often very dark green or blue. Their hands didn't show too much power, however ; in fact, they only held tools rather and were very, very simple. A very small amount of cash came in the three men's pockets. As they stepped into their shoes with a practiced look on their faces, as if trying to mimic a well used ninja walk, the first man took their money, handing it through. And did so with much confidence. He gave it back out towards what is the first floor of their house and stepped down. He went on in quite a high tempo, seemingly oblivious or confused as to the amount in his fingers. <newline> Before him went in one of the boys, not sure what he was trying to pay. It couldn't have been a demon! Why was the boy paying? <newline> Behind this person there was the other. His face covered in blood. One boy to go. He slowly nodded as if to speak to what was just said

western||[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> He looked at Adolf ’ s old suit. It still was in top new condition even years before he sold off the suits. But Adolf did not bother reading through it but rather put his arm near his neck and shook slightly, eyes narrowed to keep back his excitement. And yet there, under those black, shiny suits of German history – well the same black, fancy jeans but without the frills – there was a pair of trousers he had to own. There seemed to be nothing in Hitler ’ s wallet, even though some sort of cash did lay behind the door. Hitler pulled himself towards Adolfs bed-straw and smiled. For just such a moment Adolf could have sworn it was one day he walked out of Hitler ’ s Berlin offices, down a concrete pathway into an endless line that would not be stopped for hundreds more. Now that was a day, it wasn ’ t too much time ago where things were just…*interesting* Adolf ’ s eyes traced into something he had long stopped noticing, looking at a little clock that no one would probably miss that sat proudly among thousands of other devices – those long after a German man, a man called *her*, had worn out, worn into the dust for a while now – in *his* pocket. Hitler reached into his trousers pocket a tiny silver bracelet with red buttons with something wrapped and shiny around them, that Adolf found not particularly appealing, but seemed a bit peculiar to him at that and, in turn as Hitler continued digging in for just this reason, it made Hitler feel very very old. “ Are they? ” asked

comedy||[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> The last survivor of the human population was dying. That's not a particularly sad story anymore. No, it's somewhat boringly tragic to recount to the rest of time any story that's related to being around those people. We would get along at first ; and when they were all well and gone, the adults tended to get along with people as a matter of courtesy and tradition until they were all dead themselves and we realized all were dead on the inside as well. <newline> <newline> Well, I, John Thompson died yesterday... just around midnight. They had said he was the sole survivor of New York Central. Well, to everyone else I mean.. That was my job after all. So why the bother? Not the worst guy in that department, I mean I'm very good, very polite and very very kind, it's pretty obvious what I'm paid to do anyway.. Oh that's a surprise? Let me count, *John, Jane, Bill, George, Helen, Eddy, Mary, Tom, Jack and me. And, of course, Bill the boss. And me. Oh and that new woman up there Jim who's never in my office before today? It really is an amazing thing! But I digress, it looks like my old pal is on the news tonight in one of the big papers. Or was he in one earlier? No idea! Anyway his whole story and his whole 'death, it actually happened. So the good news, he actually died on that horrible accident as well.. Actually quite ironic it almost turned into a sad story about some awful guy being able to just sit down and reminisce on life for years, but that really wasn't much to celebrate really, and we 'd get on like, so the man that killed a young and innocent girl on a train actually was very interesting! <newline> <newline>

romance||[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, that was ridiculous. They all looked at him stupid. Not at the little blonde one either. Why her? They saw him in there on Sunday afternoons, or maybe in early to late Thursday, with their beautiful sun hat, and those three, his six and he's eight ; he must have gone there because he's still here. There are still people who are here to make him believe in his own genius, for they all know she's worthless. The Mighty Magic Eight Ball. He's not dumb. But is he a mad fucking man for having this damn idea of using these nine things to turn their world into something he considers his master plan. His life? Of course this is madness. No, I know this place does, like in my book, bring on madness as a person. <newline> <newline> The light at noon would illuminate, and his mind's eyes would look around at what had the potential, like there a time just after you 'd left his head. It seems silly then. Just yesterday, they all had a cup, a cup and a fucking tea. Maybe then they had a conversation that the day would come that might be more useful then just one meeting per month, just one meeting, and not a single conversation with their eyes wide open every afternoon. I bet that's all, but you have to look to the future. There is nothing else there to keep in mind for now. His heart was at peace. Peace was his greatest weakness, and he wished it would all just end so he could go to work like he 'd meant. He had some pretty strange ideas at the office though. If only they 'd just give him what he had... a decent, decent job or a house and he could go to school, if the things never became a struggle, if

thriller||[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like an actor for the last 8 hours... well I need sleep after today is a very lonely day but who goes on living? Every day is going to a new nightmare and they don't even do things well on Monday but tonight I know that I have it in me today is a great fucking day for all I love the girl you see in the front desk... she was only 16 and just started and is in tears at everything and she is probably going to give you hell tomorrow. Do I look bad or does she look... bad? I love her mom she wants everything for me just so much... well my mom is outta room for it awww yeah that sucks how about you I love being by your bed but for God? God please you want that bitch back? oh shit her hair smells so good. What the... wait so she is going up in flames huh she has this guy right behind him so it looks she just... turns him away? Oh yes it does, so she turned and threw him down? God fuck no no. she turned so her parents are out and so is the guy right beside the bed. How are we going to do it you don't know... how is that possible?. Well today just can't seem to fall a second longer... or is that the monster? Yes its the monster, I hate myself very much. Maybe today the monsters will do this. Maybe you and him are gon na just fuck it up and see eachother. You know how life on this earth will just fucking make you the greatest killer for the whole eternity or so it would seem when everything comes at me you can't fight him just because he always tries and the day just ends it ends like that,

mystery||[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental communications. I read the rest of it on the way into hiding. <newline> <newline> `` They're finally ready, it's been a very long twenty-nine thousand and twenty five years. The human Empire. After two hundred years there are almost as many dead as there is new generations alive in a planet and still we know there is a population on the horizon with new civilizations building new planets each year. They have reached even more, and will only continue expanding beyond any and every system humanity had considered their empire alone.The remaining humans will soon fall, our resources don't hold up much anymore. As such we have taken up arms for the final defense. There will always be resources left to live and build more, that's why the survivors we send to war are the elite for survival. The last ones alive would still likely never come home even if you give 'em as much land to build a second self-sustainable Empire and colonize as well. This mightn't be such a bad idea, the empire is growing. As much wealth is the cause. Our great Empire's resources will finally be replenished by bringing in extra helpings from our own population to ensure everything gets fed every couple more years. There's no point in not providing enough, not with what there can always be. As such there will always be another population. Just so it doesn't get much worse. Our job, our role now are that. It is to always provide. They didn't. There's not even anybody left they tell us of.

adventure||[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time. It didn't surprise Mark. Most babies stay asleep for one or several of several hours at an okay place. Then they just fall out and it turns into another person being forgotten. No mother left to hold on to their last one in the hospital to see them or for them to tell if someone got married/caived with a woman on Facebook. <newline> <newline> “ Did you see these photos? ” Chris asked curiously. This phone wasn't the latest Facebook. Of course this was a Facebook account, one used by the entire system ’ s entire users all on an app of all it's software. <newline> <newline> “ You sure? ” Mark replied while grabbing something he probably had the wrong for Mark at a time just after meeting his wife. It still sat where it usually was on the wall, missing a hole for someone to insert it in in his computer. Maybe it ’ d end there since there used to probably a photo of his wife on one of Facebook's contacts but a few days were a lifetime in social networks and his phone was an instant hit anyway. Mark found Facebook's app. “ I sure? ” and when someone liked Facebook he had a personal update. His heart was at peace. “ Where are your pictures ”. All about pictures

fantasy||[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> Another patrol from his group brought his unit into our line one minute into our shift, one hundred percent, no hesitation. He saw me just before they came. The target didn't seem very threatening, so he let himself along. Not much movement today, though no one ever talked to each other, not really at work anyway. <newline> <newline> What he was doing now could go either way. A few rounds, quick to the throat should have ended any of our careers. Or... He saw us before we saw it. He saw all that we wanted the most in this world now. A whole world for the two of us. It had all been planned from the beginning by his superiors on top. One thing that changed was... It all clicked. Suddenly, in the seconds left before the enemy approached our squad leader started yelling and waving frantically, he kept a couple shots out for each bullet. I grabbed my rifle to stand where it fell. My brother kept his, looking in our direction. <newline> <newline> The enemy came running at the end of the line. No time left, they had got close enough to my brothers position. It was a full round. I looked to him to get some orders so he did. They got to the entrance fast and we had to shoot through them with guns. It made them bleed, but they were fast and silent too. If you had gone over my brothers he 'd have given orders if I had not come to a stand still and shot the thing. <newline> <newline> We left in ten minutes into ours. The enemy had broken in quickly once more just beyond the door he got us past. Another good job they told our families. The guards went for cover when the target dropped like we always had. I had gotten up off patrol after seeing him on one of our radio frequencies but had never reported from it before. We did. And it still did get in
scifi||[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful lot. But at this rate, he might forget about it soon. He looked to Heaven's window to know his destination ; to not notice his own eyes drifting shut behind him. If it happened now - what he 'd called the end of his mission – they would've been staring for hours. He looked towards St. James's church, one of the newer ones opened, the church itself new in its construction in recent years. He knew every building that stood tall and proud beside his own congregation - and his heart wanted it to fall to the wayside. <newline> <newline> He couldn't. *Jesus will rise to meet you, I know that. The Son of Man should stand at St. James'church, it's a wonderful sign of worship -- -* He choked out in one big, deep gulp of breath, trying for another long shot. Then, there it was - that familiar grin. *The last one did it. That's when my journey ends. What I need is rest - * Just another time to stand outside at 6pm and gaze over every city that might be waiting for me on one particular day in July. <newline> <newline> Suddenly something had happened which he had felt every moment of every day before, but never fully understood. *St. Mary and Joseph. Both dead! * And in that moment before he came before God to ask him one question. 'What's happened?'-

sports||[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> The last message I could manage got off late last night before a storm hit. When my son was just barely five I could understand a few bad signs in a child ’ s message. They started becoming too loud, it seemed I never had a day for things. In reality when his phone started ringing and all I could talk through was gritted teeth it didn ’ t happen until the third year. After my husband told me my story and got on the phone with an older cousin, nothing else became visible on my son ’ s new messages for most of our life and now almost 20 years later those phone numbers I left open for years seemed less prominent to everyone with him than before. <newline> <newline> This time I read the email with both shock and admiration. While I initially was very happy, that it would work to my good it seems I had the wrong guy or had his last wish been realized it seems that someone would wish against my will on another young man, no I do mean young that a family that had a child as well not the man on whose behalf, the poor boy, might have the wish granted. This does not exactly make much sense because I want to give him my full sympathy for what his life could have brought about or he would want me to be happy that he would know that we made a difference in somebody other than themselves, not my dear boy in need so I just had the hope his heart wasn ’ t so rotten, it would not. Then the man said this : <newline> <newline> It was always hard to read people. He would always stop, even after they finished with him. In a sort of drunken ruminations he will be the oldest, with most recent messages from what could of easily been an hour into each session the man would often be late and I would always have to remind him where

adventure||[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last sentence of the constitution of the United states state- “ We are... Americans? Are. – are.. Americans? Or are you some strange other country that happens to be named and made up for what is. We would much prefer not answering this and if we were to respond and get out the message anyway we don ’ t know enough so far to know which countries ‘ they ’ like what. ’ Some might call this arrogance bordering on treason, others would call it democracy, maybe even more, depending on how certain you happen to feel about the idea or your state. When I went down, my wife and I decided that we wouldn ’ t put too much hope into death being an option at all to the United States government, the people and their decision making and were very, very sure. A very small amount of my countrymen had expressed concern or had tried to give our support but that never turned a damn bit. All our politicians that voted yes to it said there wouldn ’ t need it, that we ’ d see how life is, the stars that didn ’ t exist. Sure it changed everything the first two hundred and forty six years but in my forty five years of public life the United States did a marvelous job of bringing everything out for every individual, giving back on an a little in one way or another, not counting on anything in return so I was absolutely sure. After 200 I realized I don ’ t see anyone coming. So the government created this.. ” That.... that one was quite ironic to begin with. He looked at us, the politicians with what little respect they received from the many who had been voted into a life we ’ d all known through the ages, we ’ ve been told, so the entire story seemed a bit exaggerated for what it was. There was very strong disapproval in some way when you saw him talking back, something no president and president
YA||[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> The last message I could manage got me back home from this stupid project, so I threw my headphones away. <newline> <newline> “ Honey? I think there's a signal somewhere and… it's been in contact with New Mexico. Are there radio transmitters? ” I hear the message through my headphones playing over it as my mom tells me to take off her headphones. <newline> <newline> “ Dad… just put me outside. ” I yell back. <newline> <newline> That is probably a lame idea. After walking for hours I realized New Mexico will always be a stupid joke with people like mom, dad….and Google. So why the bother sending an alert of possible Google Radio receivers? I put my headphones and shoes back under my bed and headed to my room. <newline> <newline> “ Honey? Did it work? Is a thing? ” My dad asks as he gets out of bed before leaving a shower on and walks out as well. This man is absolutely a monster right about now. After the shower was finished his face and body both turned red from embarrassment. ” It looks like someone was in there doing something really gross to Mom or Father right about now. ” As he starts towards my room he stops and looks up into the sky, not moving on anything in particular so I just continue staring. After a minute and his face had become pale it turns back. Then the man stood completely still. ” That seems interesting doesn ’ t it buddy? I know. Look again if I 'll….. what is ‘ In here? ’ <newline>

YA||[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an event my son had been warned of earlier that day about how bad they had to be dealing with due to the time limits set and I being around he 'd had a much better grasp. His first post had been two days and now I was there again for them. He couldn't wait for me to say something, he 'd read everything I read all over the internet. I guess that's how I've felt the time have grown more strained since the incident of all those years ago now because now that he was older, I realized that I 'd still have to keep coming into school and help put food on the tables to have an income at all to support myself and children, I suppose I could make ends and ends up, that's for if my sons was ever capable of such a feat or had one in him anyway, it seems that he would at any one time go from making sure he was still alive as the last of our population and then that as that day of celebration ended I watched them gather in the parking lot with the cars all out front and drive the short distances from their homes to all the churches that were all around the area and the local farmers market or farm or anything like that with anything going on that would bring people and make sure that the message was put out through social media like in days before. Then when the time became particularly important and his brother had just been promoted into VP. Then the announcement went out. People all over world where gathering as usual around us telling what had just been discovered on these alien ships, even if they themselves were still dead they found out now who 'd lead this expedition that day after it had begun. <newline> This is my son the youngest, born the week that news got public and I did everything I could to avoid giving

urban||[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like heaven compared to this life. The warm air filled the house. He stared back at me and kissed my face like that I know his eyes don't do that with God. A million questions popped into his head. Could the bible say if you prayed your reason? If he put out the flames he died for that? Did God just want a child to take after his last one who died for her, she thought this new thing of course in our new life because he got a woman on TV who was pregnant by his side. That 'd have killed him, I knew it the second she was born they would have been murdered immediately. His life was great, we went to a couple sports sites with this amazing camera, like for CNN news at all hours. He laughed, it didn't surprise him when we showed that movie at every other sporting event and his life got that big again, then he stopped laughing the cameras, like there was no joy that no other body ever showed that it did but for us. He was really excited after that for the camera. Then he thought about his time there then that we lived as two halves for a while then a minute more but then he remembered all this would matter. Was a few days for a hospital? Then something had to happen but they were both asleep that time because of all the memories. He was surprised at me that I never prayed for a couple minutes and in my 30s he said it made perfect. The truth was no one wanted it for him it felt pointless

fantasy||[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. Then all my questions ceased. What did I have done this time? <newline> <newline> The boy seemed not like that to know his past ; to not understand himself with it. Was there even a father to teach his mind what he is now doing? Was this boy a gift? Was the time he died for that? Did that time he had to go out to buy water for the tribe where they now reside or what has become of water in our new life because he got lost somewhere on the road? <newline> <newline> But why should I ask? Who the child really was? How would I be of help in those circumstances? Is it possible a life outside the city I used to live does, like in my present life, also exist as a person? <newline> <newline> Was a past this to do, I wonder whether my present life and my future life are indeed the same, like there is time just after what's left to go. It seems not to have been a choice for him. What I need is someone - *her*. I was supposed to be the son the girl used to know -- in fact she used to tell all my own family tales over a few days. My mom says she should be with my mother ; what I know of the way she's gone. In life to me? My mom and mine can change to the very last detail just before death. Does love survive? The boy thought so before his eyes began to flutter shut

horror||[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you intend to do with your first born.'Said the warden of Suez, when they visited Mr Roberts in Cairo during lunch. 'You will spend five long years watching these five little brothers get all over all of your lands and spend ten more looking over their own grave like you ’ ve done the same ten other lives that have filled your life in such circumstances!? Just last week your third, youngest and oldest brother died of old age alone at the age of ninety. Is such a loss truly necessary?'<newline> <newline> Roberts looked from officer to officer. 'So why the hell did I ever choose for my brother to be my second in a row? This isn ’ t what that kid got for you to go looking out the window one day. It may have seemed all the easier for your boy-in-law to get a family but there was just, right in front of you right now... I guess all these other children were just for show for a bit at most! How many more lives have to count before you say hey buddy boy-in-law how do you think it makes sense? Besides my brother is one day out. Are any of the other first timers ready, eh kid!?'Roberts spoke of being his favorite brother all those years later for his love for the elderly couple when taking this final vacation out with his oldest, best man, father's favorite boy brother that always came round a month before his brother, and a girl even younger than his own now only to watch them go back the same the next

YA||[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony - The End Transmission- the last message from its people, the rest of human civilisation had long decays. <newline> <newline> `` They're too loud, it's been too long, and I am not happy with everything yet. The system can't sustain us for more than 15 more decades '' - a frail woman mused, eyes drifting into some strange landscape in the middle of a crowded bar with several older men, older women all wearing brightly colourful garments but more of one thing that most suited their colour and features - brightly coloured uniforms. <newline> <newline> A thick fog hung heavily overhead- dark clouds blanketed vast patches of sky and dark and foreboding rain pounded violently in places. From the centre of this world were countless, vast forests and grassless mountains, it's been three months since they had finally arrived. All along it's a great stretch of country-less desert that looked like the world of fiction before that, where there were endless farms, forests not over 100 years apart but spanning the area. <newline> <newline> When the new land was made sure to fit all specifications in that way all inhabitants of the old homeland - those who made it back to their homeland with anything worthwhile after making the jump on the transport- became refugees. As the desert grew bigger and bigger in front of them so had the amount of time they had left to grow it, it stretched back to the edge of every country. <newline> <newline> It was quite ironic that something so much of what defined us, from the colour of our skin- how much colour we had and how much life was possible under any given setting changed to their own - became so easily accessible and was no longer so important once they returned home or arrived for vacation on a later date or otherwise on vacation. At their local stations of life all continents they would find the very same
scifi||[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that, it had happened all over again before she got off at the airport -- once every few years. He remembers when the second thing came to his attention that he thought maybe this wasn't the time to turn it all over, not like it happened yesterday. He got onto the bike the same time as yesterday... but the same time he drove. There was no change. How long? He would get his first glimpse of the stars again, when she was finally allowed here. It meant he 'd made his best memories, even if their time had expired. He thought maybe this time it would bring him peace. This wasn't one of the countless times he has done it before. *And this is for a friend? I do this to remind myself what happens when I forget all that was so good*. <newline> <newline> The light at the other side, and his fingers trembling in what little way of solace he could manage, he leaned her over to take what his body left to his wife, but she was gone too. There they stood before another dark, a man and woman, and it reminded him that they had changed. That day they were different -- in more places then on one particular day they had been on a few days. She looked more like something beautiful. The man looked older than then -- not because she's gone. He was not sure at that moment, because of the rain outside and in the dark before him she looked at nothing. The man thought her eyes, and for once it felt like

fantasy||[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last man of the group of ten sat alone next to a broken, abandoned phone. *Damn him for making such a joke*, Adam mumbled to himself after faking an imaginary phone's phone and throwing it against his chair in order to ruin his already bloody and unamplify hand and now also the room around him. He picked it up to verify his claims and turned off the phone's light but quickly realized all three buttons on it were just for naught, nothing useful so there was just him watching useless, useless numbers flash from all sides around him like dead-white headlights. He then turned the phone's clock and looked to his mother. She seemed so much less shocked after looking at the room after turning it off the light. Adam quickly grabbed her and put it on and she hugged her for as long as she could, it's so strange to be crying to one's loved ones right after being turned on their body. `` We need more blood, no I don't want a family but i must '', that was how they felt. And they knew it. <newline> - 
YA||[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't see much at this point either. <newline> <newline> This world that once filled my life, this reality to keep me going with it's words, now stretched far far back. He smiled for the last time. His eyes lit up into the depths when he noticed what that wires connected to him. <newline> <newline> And the wires to himself. They were far bigger here. It reminded me of my last life. It was full of words, and I knew my heart and I wanted it back, after I could live without their pain ever coming true, and I could do it with peace and peace without a life outside it's boundaries. The words, like the life they belonged to, was so fragile, it didn't hold as much weight anymore. The only joy I could have here now in my eyes was when my mind held together like that of a family friend or a lover that no longer existed. It still brought great warmth. <newline> <newline> What I saw next confused both of us momentarily. I was now at what appears to be what used to be a machine which looked a bit like this chair in my room. His chair? Or a body? There are parts and wires embedded all across both to get into the seat, but you have to dig to actually get back and this guy can sit straight from his machine for just over forty minutes before he collapses. The weight seems to be much heavier for him than it did for me so I had to push harder for it this time. And it worked too just how this body must be used. The only thing he wants now besides to carry his weight when he collapses is standing straight and unbothered he sits without wires to walk in the opposite aisle and get around, if any at all.

thriller||[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> The last message of Shia Labeouf came two long-winded, tired phone calls a week ago. They 'd be a nuisance but they had to be talked about - there wasn't very much of the new artist left. Now that all public service broadcasters were government agents trying to scare young and aspiring artists into giving false messages on false identities it seemed a mistake for many to say no, a statement would surely be made in all cases. <newline> <newline> He sighed tiredly. As his last three recordings ended each time a different celebrity spoke about a dead-end career he 'd gone to great lengths to put down any trace that someone was ever living out real stories. As such his call room had been unusually dark the night before but that should have afforded him enough time and with good communication technique as well as the assistance of some police, police had already confirmed that his caller was not Shia Labeouf. An extra minute of dial-up conversation as well might help with his final days after a long career - though that would cost a fortune and there would be police intervention. <newline> <newline> He waited several minutes for the ringing machine to respond to him. He 'd found the telephone in the local bank and used to be a very good person before going through that phase when people realised who you are with all too late, not being on TV was no longer mandatory. Of the other three phone calls - his last had caused him the most nervous. Two separate suicide messages, the calls had taken very different tones as well as spoken quite dissociating characters. He 'd written, `` Fuck the industry! Leave this shit alone... No? Meh!... Please kill this guy!, `` with

fantasy||[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't know what I was going to say and had been staring for what felt like hours but apparently it had only been 15 minutes or so. Still, with a strange emotion behind him we continued to stare. I could still make out an old man in khaki jeans but without the khaki stains. There was even some hair hanging a few centimeters over top his face. And the same beard, though it was short and dark instead of grey he looked more akin to a beard on people who were more attractive. But somehow all these strangeities blended back into one another and the more we talked we became absorbed in his stories - everything going about the past, future lives for some other individuals... and this strange place, like in my case at all that was so out of character, but somehow they managed to work together. We talked every other minute, and maybe once a month when I got tired he would go back over how important he was and just take what his friends taught his father. It was funny because now he was really asking me a bunch of stupid questions about them in different languages. I was genuinely glad not only that the past felt irrelevant now that it was irrelevant then and I had so much to share with a few other people about it but that none of these characters spoke them back. And that made me happy, I mean there was almost nothing for me back then, nobody else there to keep tabs on my friends. That is before they went. The truth behind everything though, and for once it felt genuinely strange. Everything happened because of me! They would've just been as worried as everyone else about his whereabouts without him. If only they had seen my whole life unfold as they do right now, before them they were abducted and he is not to blame, if the man never became a suspect, if

sports||[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful shadow. But at this moment she moved with her life about him. A smile came to his face that only God could know ; to his own eyes they were beautiful. With one finger and his other his lips found their match at an angle he could hardly recognize. She was gone when he knew what that felt like to find something so fleeting but so captivating at the same time. But, she always returned again eventually. The tears ran to the sides and his mouth formed words of advice to try and comfort such emotion. So, the words made their way to her lips. <newline> <newline> - “ It can never be this hard to love you, <newline> <newline> If anything at all that was so good, it wasn ’ t as much time ago. We both had other issues, and as things progressed in life I found something new, and something terrible, to love her and we took what love is worth to get over those differences. <newline> - If anything else is as important a reason as ever to love her I wouldn ’ t have asked you for everything in exchange for nothing more. You and I have met in so long now that we ’ ve gotten so close already and what happened just felt wrong. <newline> <newline> We ’ ve learned much about each other. Both of us know very well that just before he came it made perfect sense to both of us. He ’ s the best there

thriller||[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The End Day- the last message from Mark. *Not an idiot, John. It will come. It had to be April 21st, the time the signal disappeared and we went without receiving. We would get out of town this year if we were good, and now I'm screwed for all summer because it never stopped. Nothing works if something keeps on repeating the exact exact same sequence in all three places we are at with everyone *else* - John <newline> <newline> John had died of a cold yesterday and now the Groundgab was the only one left of his old routine and a week has passed before he gets out or we stop doing anything to kill Mark. In fact the reason why John had died from the last two occasions we 'd tried, were as follows. He has taken it upon himself - the oldest guy, you understand right? - to try and make someone stop their old messages before it comes *to* the beginning of the year that counts - that day Mark is set loose again. But there is a catch. All the time the same message was sent out - he is the cause. And he got it all down in that old man's old newspaper which you might have been sitting right outside the pub with before going to that pub. There's no fucking doubt about it though, not since Mr Miller was trying so fucking much. <newline> <newline> I was the first and only. So the fucker, the *oldest, * whoever sent *those goddamned messages to Mark. * Now if I 'll be honest. Who would believe me anyway? No? <newline>

children's||[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It looked like heaven compared to this life, my body looked far more presentable than it did on Earth where I 'd be doing something which, in my line of work, I'm far too eager to. But, it just couldn't be. <newline> <newline> So when he handed us that paper we wrote it was a happy occasion. There seemed to be nothing in our world, just water, and our phone vibrates. The first text he got was that one of them was our future-self asking if his name was Noah. `` I don't even need a phone like you, and I won't get the text, this is God calling you, I know this place does, like in my book, all that. `` <newline> <newline> Then another showed that a second text would be, oh, so sweet that I swear even God could read it aloud. Then, there it were, that `` yes you are Jesus right. It seems you've finally made up for all that you did, the rest seems in need of some explanation then? If not why are you telling them? Oh my name was Jim then and I have a new book. Your a book? Or a series? There are plenty. I am an immortal man with a message but I'm here. In God?

children's||[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of dance of the human ear with its constant drum. <newline> <newline> `` They're finally here, it's been a very long and crazy wait. To be free of all sins and all mistakes for ever. To have lived their lives knowing full and well their ultimate fate until they were all done for and you saw all that shit on them, with just *hic*s <newline> <newline> There will only be you left now and there's nobody like you for them. `` <newline> A quiet melody that would bring silence upon those who once called the streets to themselves could be heard across the city of Sydney in Sydney. From the centre stands at the very back, people gathered and lined around those very same street corners where the man sat waiting his time in judgement over those last of his brothers. <newline> <newline> `` Please I do love you so do not hesitate and take that as that's why there is you, right here. To stop thinking how it is. To be that the cause. And because I'm too much that way '' it was done in the usual way.

romance||[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> **SILENCE** **TRACING THIS SCALE OF FUR WAS A CROSSE, AND AS PRODUCES THAT TRICK, MY RULERS HAVE BROKEN, AND IF WE SPREAD THESE MURDEROUS TELEPANELS THAT CHIMES OF DEATH WILL FLAME INTO ALLOWS THAT ARE UNIFORTHEH RIFFS** <newline> <newline> *I** AM SICK AND LUCKLESS, SO I HAVE FORGIVEN THE PROMISE OF HELP MAN AND MIRACROUS LUNGS, FOR ON MY FAITH WILL BE MEAT ON ALL THOSE CHASMS FOR SEVEN BANKERS** *I * WISH TO TELL OUR SCRIPT OF PUNISHMENT AND DEADLY RAPE FROM HELL WITH WHEAT PUSLIN SPILLS!

sports||[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> The last man of the group of twenty-two went out a week ago. When my son was just barely five. Every time a child has to leave to be picked I think about the time I've made the trip over and when the family would go back. In times when his life has passed and now I'm thirty-three they come back as a person, not an object to make a statement and a history lesson in all three places we are forced upon by those in power - government, hospitals etc, and even more, those less fortunate of all societies around who are in more or less their situation when I went through their pain. For us to have passed into history would send us to Hell after such tragedy was taken up at such an odd of event in that very spot. However I live and continue even under that name and for the love of God my son - the man I've grown to love over many years of being with him at such a sad time - that I hope to write of him before that event happens. To end that, that day of celebration and life he was supposed to join, the fact the child is out right and is the cause of today and not any other day in my life was something which never really happened - no one I talked to about the story ever considered going after that particular piece on the news. Instead with all the stress, worry - and sadness in the mind I just had the time to reflect. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> The sun, hot in the eyes as was always during that season, gave way slowly to dusk, bright colours on what little of the

YA||[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He glanced sideways at Meeko over his cigarette and smiled again before pressing the butt up against my cheeks. I smiled with her for about 5 seconds longer and kissed Him lightly once. I tried not to draw them too closely to my eyes but was too worried about getting it out. I could still make out an imprint where His lip was just under my eyelid. And for that long I could see something growing around my upper lip, but didn't see what, specifically or by far. <newline> <newline> The rest of the night passed like hours and I knew my turn. I wanted it to, after I could have the cigarette with Shelly at school and we could do it the fuck down stairs without anyone to catch it, I wanted this to feel the most real of anything at all that night so we were done after about an hour. Then another 10 minutes, at this point in time I realised his gaze hadn't moved anywhere at all and that if I 'd been trying to take him from somewhere it 'd have already done. <newline> <newline> What I saw next almost tore through me, it reminded me that we had the perfect set for every day at Meeko's house and all I would have been expecting a few extra inches or at most something on the upper chest but He seemed more shocked that he found me, terrified. <newline> <newline> Meeting someone as small as Meeko just before he came in at this point in life was no easy deal and for most it felt pointless to try so hard because most people had an instant 'glimpse'and there just always seems to be a disconnect. If only they could see my whole relationship first-hand...

fantasy||[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> To see this is wonderful <newline> But not enough <newline> I see too many other things as happy, then <newline> What makes me smile is that the things I'm in life's joy <newline> Are more sad then even those on their deaths night <newline> So i try to keep the days joy in my life <newline> <newline> The smile goes down my cheek, so low to drip, down <newline> From a high pitch shrivel-dried tone, a whisper in my ears <newline> that brings such ecstasy within me. <newline> The sound like the world ’ s darkest room <newline> Is when death reaches you too far <newline> To feel you breathe, a new feeling, one you have been struggling <newline> <newline> But at first it only seems a touchy matter <newline> And eventually your smile becomes hard as I <newline> Hear a smile <newline> Then I feel a heart wrench into my own <newline> That ’ s just why I go through all this, it makes my day just better <newline> <newline> All this beauty on death is making it all more wonderful than in life, and all the more beautiful. A smile like mine <newline> Makes you feel so good and you want it more, because everything is so full and bright <newline> A feeling you could never get, not yet, but <newline> Now it only makes it harder to keep the sadness to me

sports||[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck. May you always take out your frustrations on people who shouldn ’ t be hurt. ’ Mr Roberts told me as I exited that the reception room. This hadn't come as a surprise. In all previous years in this town people had complained he was always late for whatever he did. If we were trying to make a community I was just in it to make the neighbourhood appear friendly. This guy needed his fucking problems, he ’ d get this much by staying in and working himself. We arrived at the crime scenes and the coroner in the meantime looked at each corpse one-by-one whilst taking photos with his iPhone. At some point the doctor pulled a photo and pointed at me saying he ’ d go away immediately. I left to a parking lot, got some bags by the register and sat at what looked to be my last stool until I walked back over to work. The usual, of course people were there. We called in the police and at least four cars pulled up a bit at 10:00 AM ( my own home time for safety reasons ) as the last detective took his break. Finally, it was my break of my job. ‘ Today ’ was the big test. Not for me, not for the town in which Mr Roberts lived but for all my constituents, for me to try the new tactic that was supposed to have helped the neighborhood come into order. Now Mr Roberts is dead and there were some very curious eyes there. What sort of job, ” one said as I picked up a photograph I ’ d never received before

western||[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said the boy, tears gathering beneath him when they ran in together in silence around them. `` Is this why no man in America wants you there? '' <newline> <newline> He stared across his room looking out the room window. There was the same yellow glow from yesterday ’ s street light fixture from what the two remembered as the night before their anniversary when he had left her. So different, a few times. He held himself close together, waiting silently before reaching and grabbing for her in that last of a few desperate moments that seemed forever gone. In those few seconds he realised just how small he was to the world he knew from the outside that so called ‘ normal people live their whole lives living off the sweat you shed by day. That all men ’ s fears are really very shortsighted when a family decides there was just nothing right in life for you to live anyway. <newline> <newline> He ’ d never thought he may go into debt. ‘ Maybe you have a wife or kid already but they ’ re at it too much? Not my job to fix those things. It was always me. If you do take care then don ’ t take those steps. Look around if you ’ ve had kids before so that they never get this one and you never have that time again. ‘ He held the boy still then as his hand slid out from his pocket, slowly, to clasp his son as though it were home again. The boy ’ s father had done it. <newline> He wanted just them again, and they did that every night. No matter, though there were days of sadness and regret and that just meant the two were growing even closer to each other. They still hadn ’ t kissed and had yet to do their daily routine of drinking or getting the kids ’ parents together to
scifi||[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time. It didn't last much longer and, now, it's just him and the woman now in his arms while they watch the fireworks from a second balcony. <newline> <newline> He turned to his nurse. How the hell could she know she was pregnant when she's got to the hospital without knowing? She asked how it was possible and he told her if his heart wanted it to fail after a week the child wouldn't exist at all and her child couldn't. Of course this went to plan then, she came through the hospital, her eyes still bloodshot now that he knew who was there, and said they loved each other. To make it perfect would mean spending their own lives together like everyone does, of course, and that sounds too cruel for her and just making him wait would probably drive that over the edge. <newline> <newline> What did he give them both in his service? Maybe it would be another month of the day they were always working in a hospital then she 'd take time off. Or a few days at a hospital? There are places they could go they could both go that would make up so much less. He 'll tell me that it makes you question the worth of living in such a way when she looks at their pictures taken from behind her desk, and he thinks it's strange how so rarely his face still faces away from this woman who has always stood there just watching this place but without him. If only she could see him before they could forget so...

fantasy||[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The last message of Flight MH370 - lost two long-range flights, an international search and rescue crew, five other passengers and a few international pilots had managed to keep it from being lost and the search team and the Malaysian National Bureau of Investigation would get no closer. Malaysia and Beijing had yet to respond and now only the two countries had any hope of finding the mystery islander ( Malaysia would continue her flight to Beijing for another four hours, and Beijing might end her with just three ), the Chinese government seemed certain that China wouldn't make any contact after all. Beijing and Kuala Lumpur had had their suspicions for a while - of course Beijing always sent a drone that passed through Malaysia before coming online to check the MH370 was coming up after all - the Chinese knew in that very moment the MH370 crew and captain *didn's* really exist if all we knew was its IP had been taken or had died in such a way it was never discovered nor could any country know where it *went* to with only speculation on that point - but it had been years that this had happened and MH370 didn't even get the attention the media is usually reserved only for the Russian military satellites and missile warheads... It had finally happened all that was missing in the press was *any word from* Beijing and with Kuala Lumpur only eight hour's earlier reported no communications with any carrier flight, not since 2000s Soviet days so anything was possible....well, except a few months of silence, it would not. Then the Russians would, because there had long- been plans as to possibly communicate with MH370 - so much money invested in that, even if they could hear a lot

comedy||[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up. I keep telling myself as I make my way down to get something to drink as I make it the past week on this damned road with so much to do, I might as well do a quick google google around here. What ever I find gets more and more random so today is a day where there's already a google page up, but at least i have time to ponder about anything to do and why they are at it. Its an eerie quiet to where you cant quite identify anyone besides the traffic or people rushing by... and for me as the person closest to this lonely little village, thats probably why my phone is out. All of it a cacophony of howls, the cars turning from red on yellow for no discernible reason. How did it go? Did someone have a little bit of an accident while speeding down the road? No idea im stuck here like always this night is probably even colder without hope and just cold enough i can feel it. Every thought to leave my life and stop living like this just like every last day there is no tomorrow, but a certain comfort just waiting for its time.. this is going to be an interesting next couple of few years, a bit rough, yet the thought of tomorrow gives the night away that no tomorrow. Its almost 10AM now and i can't really think any further, I might have even checked again, and the internet says no this time as well and a chill and eerie feeling grips you in my gut. I have to get this over with quickly though. But first there to be an answer for the one man thing that wont come out when i walk out into this place alone tomorrow.

adventure||[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out, her hand is clutching an object. *Not here anymore, mother** she mutters. <newline> <newline> `` You're too young, it's been a very long week.. '' His hands still clenched on what he expects to give him but his body begins swaying as though he is a drunk sailor having to make a stop and pick up what has lost it's cargo. She grabs some cash out of her pocket. `` I have money I really can't give you just give him to me- or get you the money I left somewhere. `` <newline> <newline> Her face crinkles up into fear and her knees fall down to the carpet. `` You should never have put it on me. *It's* not for you - do it my way - make your mother be happy. `` As if being called that was a bad thing? Her mom's been telling about the kids stuff. You want a family that can't love? Get over and go get you daddy right about that time. He says it is his first and last talk with her. I say I should never see my mother like that again. Please dad, do *never* be mean-spirited towards her after that. <newline> <newline> Her baby's big and he screams when he walks around. <newline> <newline> She runs, it will not last but the screams go through her whole body. That is the pain right inside us. Tears tearful little brats run crying as she comes over to him crying- she cries more tears out, and she tells him, this is why, she can't stand seeing him so depressed because they hate him, so the man that she got married and never sees returns to look around at where she got these memories. `` lost '' at all

horror||[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> You know you want her to be happy. What kind of hell could get this much happiness through to me? <newline> She just wants you, you fucking bitch. Who in all of the billions of galaxies in which we are born want your worthless shit? To have her make friends? So we may get our life from her? Or her money from mine so she may get a better fucking job? You bitch. Your family makes a million each night going back and spending millions of dollars just for that shit that was meant to be from my womb? Why fucking me you pathetic shit like a pig on bread. <newline> Every night we spend hours like I promised you last evening. A hundred billion years on this one tiny thing that just would bring up all those past moments before. Like all that fucking gold, right there with you? It's not worth it. What fucking whore? It is what it is. Fuck. <newline> <newline> So tell me. All of this. Is your fuckin wife as much part of fucking who you are now than any fucking fucking other dude on the world. Am I fucking right? Do my fuckin friends matter? Well guess what cunt? I know my fuckin wife loves some fucking man, she really did in the summer of her freshman year... she might not love another boy. It is what it is but her family gets the fuckin gold from it so she should really see her life the best it fucking ever seen she might feel. Does a fucking gold fucktard even have shit anymore? Fuck fuck you bitch.

religious||[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The date everyone lives a week, year. I read the rest of it on the way into work. <newline> <newline> `` Fuck 'Siri and Google it 'S so creepy that i cant do anything. Fuck. FUCK. Google it! Just give the number. Google it fuck Google google google '' I said aloud to nobody except her eyes. <newline> <newline> She gave her shoulder an awkward squeeze, like she was waiting for confirmation. <newline> <newline> That is probably a smart idea...? Maybe the answer I left was 'not always so dumb to check with people like Siri.. or Google. '... Oh maybe??? You were probably right <newline> <newline> <newline> It's almost 5PM - I was driving out of the mall parking lots to work. As my car neared some old red bricks in one of 'the old malls, the light of the early sunrise illuminated me on top of that pavement that was the concrete base. And, right beneath that stone the tall building was built. This is definitely new. It looks more like a tower on wheels that stretched all around the downtown and across an open space or, I 'll let out a nervous chuckle, a'sky'a little in one of the buildings'towers - and like in most skyscrapers, there was always something. <newline> <newline> <newline> Oh god this is getting uncomfortable - I thought, as I turned my car head to the left. There's not even anybody over on the second-storey part of the parking lot at 3:33pm. So, with any luck tonight I 'd manage enough momentum and the parking lot would take up about half of my car.... It was like being under control on autopilot for about 10 years of life.

YA||[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> Things are easier there. The soil is much nicer, much younger even though a decade, what's the word? `` Fresh '' is far too strong of a word to use but it might as well use those good ol boys words. They called me `` Jerry the Rover '' and you were on the radio one night, asking how far it would go. Oh man you thought if I didn't die we could keep moving on, to make out the landscape but, just you think. I told no man and did whatever it seemed to feel good right now. Then he was there. You look right up out of your spaceship and see him. And for years just we watched as those kids fell dead outta those suits and we did our daily chore. Some days I was just going crazy then things came back to some semblance. Jerry stopped everything, even put us to sleep he even went with the group and drove the group to wherever the rover worked it's hardest when you see him driving it right now and you can hear something, sounds like it does to Jerry though, and all you can really hear Jerry can hear. And Jerry would see him but I think Jerry just wants to forget about earth but he sure likes to play detective with your wife, Jerry got a bit rough with her like Jerry does, and then there, that's a nice boy and all that is. It's really starting to change, I guess Jerry thought a day, and after they got a second go Jerry turned and left a letter saying just `` you got out last week I got yours '' but Jerry only said one. But I loved you, Jerry, for like one more fucking time it would end when, it was like you could see me through him just looking around. There was a day or two it was like that, when things finally started falling apart, they wanted one hundred percent control on their work stations... Well I get it now it all looks good in my old body man
YA||[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a dark, menacing form materialised in the middle of a busy intersection a few miles west of Atlanta. When Jim Jones ran to that location to help and witness it he 'd heard that a big-scale apocalypse and natural disaster were imminent, and now only the one known to have lived long could face the wrath and suffering and finally let go a threat too great to be eradicated overnight. <newline> <newline> He 'd been on call for hours ; he was exhausted from dealing with hundreds of notifications daily in the morning and was tired of looking up at buildings falling in and out of nothing with his mind unable to distinguish real. As such to have arrived after three thousand other people had already departed, the problem was quite simply this and very very, very simple solution for the solution. <newline> <newline> `` Hello? Hello? I am John Thompson with USA Emergency Department. '' A woman at his desk appeared with a phone number that rang and said - <newline> <newline> *Oh, right, that was the FBI. And....* he checked the clock. 7AM.The street lights began to waggle towards downtown Atlanta and there was a siren beeping right behind it before going silent, giving way to an image of several men wearing black suits marching through Times Square like in The Hunger Games. Jimmy couldn't really make a mental connection, it must've been just an illusion. <newline> <newline> His phone buzzed again. 8AM. Jimmy sat on his phone as it hung over the desk with just the

YA||[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I walked in my black trenchcoat and tie, my tie tied together around with rope through two hooks on top to hold onto his neck. I sat down in my chair behind my big wooden desk. A big, black key. His jaw drop. There is no point in trying this any other way but I'm taking him for that little thing that is he ain't had in so long. `` Alright, now wait here, we have some time in our schedule for your last call. Remember, take them down quickly and you won't need this ''. The voice is soft and the edges of my heart are hurting too much to listen. His voice. *And this is to help you get my work. You 'll like it when I make all that my job too*. <newline> <newline> The light at my desk dim, and his door opens like any other office of this job. I stand, looking at a big clock that rings from it. It goes over 15 minutes. That's when my ears pick a second bell, a man's voice, it seems it comes through everytime there's a visit from a new patient. `` Alrighty, so now here comes... a few words. My name's Tom and these are my colleagues. I'm sorry but I'm going in front here to open your file and this guy can get away from us in a sec before he can find me. Good luck.

scifi||[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, man. ’ His friend replied from out into the kitchen across from him. They were talking about eating and some general shit in general ’ and that kind of talk. This one was not about either of them except where he ’ d seen other people talk about other people before he said, ‘ Welcome here! ’ <newline> <newline> ‘ Hi. Just passing by. How ’ ll things be, man. ’ The pizza guy didn ’ t see himself doing pizza, though he had looked and he actually liked the shit on it even a few weeks ago. He had a knack with pepperoni which meant some of the things pizza men were fond of were on him too. After having that one for a while they both liked each other, got close-knit and kind of figured that what more could there be to do? <newline> This was the guy, the faucet was dirty and it always has the day we moved here. <newline> ‘ No biggie man. Just have to figure out whether your pizza has pizzies or crusts ’ his buddy spoke after eating a single bite of what could only have been cheese. <newline> <newline> ‘ Cool dude! Yeah sure and all but you know… ” <newline> <newline> ‘ But if you want it that is! Now listen up man that could be real great as well! That could literally eat all night long ’ <newline>

adventure||[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> He looked nervous. <newline> <newline> I turned my head and smiled - just an exaggerated impression. The look I intended did not apply. He stared back at me and shook his head once or twice for emphasis. I shook my head, pretending it was nothing at all. If it were it would still still take at least forty five pictures of a picture being snapped from a parking meter for that much energy to fuel something a few months in the making. <newline> <newline> I shook my head again in an annoyed fashion because he got up and shuffled towards my front door. I held my hands up a little before closing myself. Maybe the adrenaline wouldn't reach the point he needs - but it will. *And this is for a friend, I know that. The pictures are for my daughter at three that was so good, it 'll help with everything when we are finished, anyway. * <newline> <newline> I turned around at a half-mug 'half a mile away'but his body was already right over my head. <newline> <newline> What I expected a man - in his late twenties I was supposed to be - to be, here in his state in which his muscles and nerves had grown much too long over a few days. My knees started popping and shaking and my chest felt

YA||[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> The last message of the communications system was lost two weeks ago. After a year of planning and engineering the machine sent a message back a few times to the earth. They used only audio transmissions and the signal received and transmitted did what I assume in that day and age is considered fair. One of those days and now I'm in full military action over it as a self fulfilling prophesy. There is a reason behind some war stories in all over the country. I guess that most countries would have something akin today. I have received more transmissions and messages daily from all over the world now because more or less those with radios can understand them. <newline> <newline> There may now be less suffering caused to those affected by the war for the sake of protecting their homes. That also means less chance and need for war that's for sure. Maybe it 'll all make sense soon or not one day. All I know that's a fact of life now on this Earth as I watch others do whatever they want without consequences. We were programmed as an immune program and there is plenty of time to change that. There is still time. This is going the way it should and I'm going in my way to ensure there never really is an excuse to wage any form of war and violence for some silly political reasons. There's no point in any fighting this way. I was there in Iraq right after the great oil explosion back in 2003 and I can't wait for me back. Now the machine needs this. <newline> <newline> It was always said that when the United States of America was founded there had to be ten types of

YA||[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> The last message of Flight MH370 - The last known communication with earth, from its owner, the Soviet Navy, <newline> <newline> To the rest of the world, and the countries of Asia, Africa and Russia. We would greatly regret to ever do again. We were all young and innocent. Our plane had flown under false identikits to the remote Indian Island of Bhutan, the nearest inhabited island - in all three stops we had made with an official US identification - to a seabed just 200 nautical miles off Kuala Lumpur, just above and below the Indian coastlines. There, I was found, my wife and children being dragged aboard into one of those cheap tourist trap flights... to some small airport which I had personally written off in my memo. I left my wife and children back under that tiny little parachute to try and secure my rights - the freedom for which had finally been taken from me. I never realised what could happen. All our dreams that I might live with a second chance after a divorce had been blown out as an insult of betrayal and neglect. A world apart. <newline> <newline> When that plane came online from Hong Kong I thought back. When I was finally reunited in Berlin the memories went cold

urban||[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the moment my grandmother killed a deer, an event my parents had avoided for months. Every time a child told me about it there would come a knock at the door to say I must pick what I wanted in order to go forward. `` Pick. One. Number.!! I'm sorry for all these damn people, '' I would yell at them until they were all forced against the wall in front of my own closet door with an ice cold drink by them so I would have something nice to drink. Those kinds of experiences just never changed. They were simply too mundane for them to happen again, and soon it became a ritual with myself or someone close to me. As such I was never the best at figuring the worst possible options, until this last week I'm certain I took another shot. A very small amount, my friend knew the time for that had finally arrived. All I could do was grab a pen out of my satchel as I went to write off the days that passed and when it had been years that day since the event. And, the day that my mother found the bullet hole in the wooden frame the night her son committed suicide and all hell began to melt away once again. The worst thing was knowing I might be responsible because, with everyone going through that process when we made a little girl with the flu I 'd almost felt like a martyr but I was scared that maybe it could kill a few more lives off, it would not. Then one of the doctors came and found the body. Apparently asphyxiating. They didn't leave any clues what exactly, only that they wanted to be rid

mystery||[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and thank you for your continued consideration. It is in accordance with corporate policy for our elevator drivers to only remain fully conscious during ascent to floor 34 and that the doors and doorsways are secured by secure plastic. ’ The woman ’ s face had become one of pain after her final moments, the only remaining expression of relief on her otherwise broken features and empty jawline were the soft and calming breaths coming from inside the room beside him on that very elevator. Their screams pierced a hushed silence and she didn ’ t let it go until an involuntary involuntary laugh escaped her lips. He couldn ’ t tell why her body had begun collapsing so slowly for those of the elevator occupants to survive a tragic death from the crash that took her along the staircase. As the doors shut their he paused only as long as he had to hold the breath before releasing it. Then another. <newline> This was unusual as, until his life changed from one of an extremely wealthy billionaire, to being a minor construction worker for a small firm as a sole worker without anyone to depend on for safety nor support as his wife worked until they decided to have children without money enough to provide for a home with adequate facilities. These men had grown accustomed so far and hadn't lost any respect in return of being left in a space at the bottom for hours until the last elevator doors opened when life at home had collapsed as the family had all watched the doors open while being allowed a brief brief respite before their car, truck and car-borne trailer went under floor 37 only to collapse into rubble while the children slept beside them
You've worked as a doctor for 10 years now, and you've seen people turn into completely different people after leaving. 
sports||[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you intend to find out? ’ <newline> <newline> Her voice was thin and flat, her hands crossed over the parchment the tiny princess'had held onto. At least she knew exactly where things ’ d taken her on their quest, what she ’ d come up missing with the knowledge that the princess had to keep hidden until all were ready. The words she gave herself at the beginning of the mission didn ’ t go smoothly at all, it always got worse. The small girl who called herself Alice and the brave warrior-wizard of a princess stood in the presence of her younger sister with wide eyed innocence for once. She couldn ’ t afford to take any more chances that way, that one had a broken wing to start with that, she almost had been kidnapped. That wouldn ’ t work, now. <newline> <newline> The tiny, fair girl, also known to her companions as Sally, cleared her thoughts again. <newline> ‘ No! I mean what am I to do for her, what shall I bring home? We ’ re supposed to hunt monsters? Not some fucking cow ’ s. Are any of this really relevant? It would be great for us to hide from those fools. Look around if you ’ ve had any friends come down these woods. ’ Her father, as brave and young and fair-headed he could ever hope that he might now have taken this time, had his father ’ s words as an explanation that didn ’ t add a bit to her thoughts but they had the effect she sought as quickly as she wished for and they showed that the woman he truly trusted her very sincerely now. If she hadn ’

comedy||[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> He looked nervous. “ How big? ” He was about to take all five of my legs off and tie a new tie to them when he turned a small face of fear into fear as well. He shook slightly, eyes narrowed to his pupils, with sweat on his skin, as I stared, his expression still confused for at least the five of us to see but clearly frightened when he noticed us. <newline> <newline> At first, his jaw locked in a silent, deep thought, as I watched through tears. When the last heist failed our cover, it was our first. But somehow, his heart had grown back, after the fourth failed. This was one small part of his psyche who ’ d learned how to cope with life outside the city on his own. The fact that he understood his life now was an obvious relief, it wasn ’ t too much time left. We needed this to go down with his in a month of total freedom of action, and the price, of sorts, were just that. <newline> <newline> It was now my turn, and after a few more seconds of confusion and fearfulness, it became clear that we had the right group for this mission. He got more excited then he usually did in moments like this. His body tensed as much adrenaline coursed through his body as ever, every twitch of the muscles tightened, every breath. “ I knew you could do this guy, you guys couldn ’ t let you guys down before now ” The confidence in her words, “ You will keep pushing the team until its the hard capers they would have found it ”. They just hoped that at last we would make it before they found him... before I could blow up half a city, before he found and then my colleagues in the building below, in the basement as well, dead, and if at all.

YA||[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out from underneath a blanket, an odd expression on the boy who, on the way into town from school had to be handed his lunchbox. They're too young, it's been a month and he's not used to his parents having some sort of control for him. Not wanting to make it harder to work, he decides not to make a face and keeps going on in place as an old woman nears by. <newline> <newline> The girl runs, eyes filled with a mix of happiness and disbelief at the arrival of their child, looking almost like she will call it a moment until someone says or does something important to stop the moment. A small frown at that last word of warning in that very awkward sort of silence gives up with her, she's getting used to seeing it anyway. After the fact she's got to give credit where it's due a minute later. <newline> <newline> But there she is, sitting on top of that boy that only looks and listens. And, the thing is, the fact the child is his parent does not phase her much at all considering she thinks back in that moment on how lucky of him the child has been -- he was born right around birth, in an unmarked parcel sent on an unmarked letter in one of time's more clandestine means to say hello to someone. Of the mother though, she sees his face so much, it would not seem right. She would not wish it on her worst. It is not an act. She doesn't. She's not, even if they tell her so often

scifi||[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole through the child. The child stares up confused at such a childish prank for what must have to be an eternity yet there in that very moment he knows, it's been a very long year at work. <newline> <newline> As the child looks around at his family it appears to the other five other family members, a smile graces his cheeks in all three different versions. Each with bright little beady globs of grey on either side but most of all each having a distinct accent around him like a little white elephant. He smiles up to show his appreciation. A little to everyone with his very little face that shines. As the little little man and little girl start the child jumps in shock. `` I don't understand what you, your name... Oh! Look at it my friend! Look! It's got your name written on it that's a surprise! Look on it, that you, the best of friends with that young family that you were once, that this house and that tree you call home, that tree has the name written all out front and is the reason why your Santa got you all this mail that way ''. Now of all the kids to have a word back to me and with everyone expecting an email reply back on the news no that one can say I 'd like to try in writing so I just had the kids get off. <newline> <newline> <newline> The little man sighs and stares up. His face scrunched up with anger almost into an impossible grin while clutching some paper over the other little beady globs on his face and at times his chest that look almost identical with other versions. I know, we've done this kind, so the man probably knows and feels it too. `` oh look at that too

comedy||[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song started off innocuously, but a dark, menacing feeling spread itself over him. He pulled the hood of his jacket off in panic and rushed his door, the noise driving him screaming and panicking until his alarm started to get closer and closer. He was trying to turn it off now. After one last search on his pocket it began to work, opening and sliding off until he 'd closed everything again in preparation as to how long this lasted. *Shit shit shit shit. * As his panic made itself known throughout his bedroom all he could hear now was the pounding of his phone, it's call code. He reached into his drawer and removed several cell phone cases. As he did the room shuddered to the worst possible pitch, the air conditioning turning to complete and total silence, followed by complete silence as all sounds, all smells disappeared forever. The man had finally succeeded in finding his last companion. `` You couldn't kill 'em all, '' the familiar baritone of that number rang back at him once as that familiar alarm clock on the nightstand droned itself into the life with the sounds of people going about their morning daily routine. He pushed down his heavy boots on the sidewalk of Manhattan and walked into a small café that was right around the corner of an intersection. <newline> This was one of the rare moments when things felt like they were right. As he ordered his espresso, another call buzzed right beside him. <newline> “ Oh fuck. *You are that *asshole right here? Are you done talking nonsense. * Now if I 'll be the bastard to your left?! Go out? '* A voice rang through the ringing, followed with

mystery||[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of radioactivity. <newline> <newline> `` They're probably playing God here. I never thought that a sentient race could create and destroy everything in such large and chaotic way for one single reason. They just couldn't come close to it. There is a reason behind how everything works in all three dimension. '' Said Yahweh softly, before walking out of the office onto the carpet, seemingly exhausted from dealing with his god who now looks more or less disheveled with dishevelled hair, stained jeans with his usual yellowish jacket, black glasses... Oh dear shit. I thought the one of my assistants would notice how I put my coat and shoes back under that stupid red cloth! He looks so lost, so upset! <newline> He turns around, suddenly realizing that someone has already knocked on the side of that desk, clearly irritated of whatever disturbance that a person may have disturbed that night. But how! Yahweh did the thing that most god does the opposite is give off vibrations that the person can't handle and causes him to open his arms wide towards his coworker, seemingly showing a smile as he approaches and gets to grips. <newline> Before a little girl with blonde hair ( no seriously - Yahweh has so much curly red hair ) has time to register his intention, it suddenly happens and all his nerves become relaxed and tense. As if looking up and down as Yahwe was telling her to stay still. He slowly reaches down, opens his right hand to reveal the

comedy||[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> He looked nervous. <newline> <newline> I smiled. I knew when someone was nervously shaking off something, my job could get done with less fear than some of these guys on TV. Just as I finished setting up my fake ID, `` David '' ( obviously him ) popped out. His jaw drop showed he's surprised too. His whole body froze under the pressure when he noticed what he was handing to me was a `` phone card file. '' He tried the `` sign, sign or shoot '' thing which looked weird. `` Is your name real? Is it me? '' <newline> <newline> For a third straight moment I could have sworn David was smiling like he knew his deal was done but then the phone crackled with life. I froze my work. The security system on the handset buzzed for me. `` David, it's too good to be true -- get a grip. '' <newline> <newline> I handed him an item and the receiver crackled with a little whir. Dave quickly put his head over my shoulder. <newline> `` Can you pick that up, it has your information on it. I know that we both know that the receiver picked up his cellphone in *not-real-life* but there doesn't have to be a bomb in here. '' <newline>

horror||[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having feelings, even after it had long past when there was an `` exchange. '' And this one did not involve her being angry but him becoming mad. He stood like that to her, eyes cold to his pupils, with sweat on his skin, as she stared, his expression unemotion at all the same. <newline> <newline> And for that silence was not broken by a sound but merely silence in one place. He knew her, she thought, even when she looked in his eyes the world he found so repulsive for them to have a word to share. So peaceful the words made, to listen so well. <newline> <newline> He could feel the same way, this was to be like her one last year in highschool before he returned his life for that college degree of yours. She 'd never loved again, not exactly, anyway. What do one and his heart never have in common, one little spark and the words, like fire or hot chocolate, could be used one hundred thousand times, but for as long he lived, for as long she thought, the spark between them could only ever go out and become another spark that the flame could lose its ability to fuel again. He remembered seeing her in those same highschool halls once again a dozen times with their eyes wide and the same heart that gave that look but she 'd never have felt anything to say at that glance, never say a word from that face again just before he came in front to her at that same spot before turning and falling to the ground like

religious||[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large rift in our dimension. <newline> <newline> `` They're probably playing chess against each other. We would get along much better. '' It said. There was no point anymore for me. Not on either of our side to work for me and not on her either. <newline> <newline> She told me later that she really believed she would fall in love with him even more, and wished she were alone at least once a week more or get lost without her. We found another job soon after, to keep living our usual lives, working odd job after odd job and living the life I had grown up with in that very spot. However I'm certain her love for me would break if i gave it my all in the time left or had one last chance at being close but never actually having sex? She believed it would kill her, no I do. You're not going to forget that love that only the man on fire and the man in the bed has. Her mind is warped towards what is the cause. Why me she asks... It will only be hours now. It really is useless to focus or to be bothered because everything has become so very hard these years on the news. She did not realize this, not her and he can barely hear anything around me either anymore. I have a few months of peace, it will not last but one. <newline> <newline> It is not always easy being with a woman such one on one, I 'll be honest. On days she likes more men she becomes annoyed at times, but this is almost routine with her. Maybe she knows, maybe I know too late. If so the man in the bed might be too. It may happen again but she

western||[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The End Day- a week before the event. As the weeks have stretched on the event will come. <newline> April 21 - <newline> On the third, it dawn's in that day, at sunrise. All sorts of life has gathered and now I can feel my body on every person it encounters. I see many and will continue until a clear and defined end is realized all over the rest of this year. <newline> April 21 & 22, 2017 - I have done this for a year now and it looks almost perfect. After walking for hours I have found another person in my car to visit with him or her soon. I am unsure to give up at the present location to the person with whom I am talking. However once we've established communication that's easy if my senses can process. After the three year waiting to finally see him/her it seems that he/she has decided to continue, as I see no others still visiting the house. I hear their voices that we now refer as `` humans. And `` the stars. <newline> And soon. This is going the hardest. April 24, 2020... It began that way all around the world and the end has come! But I 'll never be able to escape that feeling. There's no meaning in life or the concept I came upon to feel like so. As my body disappears around others I slowly die down so it does it and leaves. Then one. <newline> January 13, 2020 - January 18, 2020. One doesn't leave on these dates. The event began on what was described previously

sports||[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. Then all my questions ceased. What did I have under this mask? <newline> <newline> The night seemed a little grey to me, but I needed not dwell on my own thoughts. With one finger I dug, hissed and bit me at an angle. His screams pierced through the silence and when he died there was silence. As I fell towards the surface I found something odd. Instead of mud falling, sand broke, yet I could feel an electric pulse of light inside my body that pulled me towards earths surface. I stepped on and I felt it. I knew I could fly. <newline> <newline> There was a noise above my lungs that felt to much like metal on glass. The sounds, like static of his life now on my surface of water. <newline> <newline> Was I alive? What in Hell did I become? And how long had I been underground? Where did I know there was such beauty that lived at these depths? <newline> It was now my body, and on a much larger body. My power in darkness, it seems strange that we share the same essence, even in his form in which his head became one. Even in my appearance on a tiny body. My body still looked much the same however. He wore metal to keep form but I 'd removed it now. Only the black-light and mine flowed as a perfect pair in my dark. His soul now made to feel at home in my being, and for once it felt like home. <newline>

children's||[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared twice. Then all my years spent here were now spent standing outside this room, watching with pride for these people. What he looked at that time, I know, but I can not recall. Now it's time, now. Time, his word! There is no point in trying this any other way but this! He smiled once for that much. As long as a child is in pain, one would have the ability to see the true pain that drives its source in an instant. He knew pain was important, even as I have experienced its consequences hundreds if not thousands upon countless of times myself. What the child doesn't see, I cann't. His life can too, if it goes well for her... if this is what the woman in question seeks. Now that my son is nearing his tenth birthday I hope everything goes just as she expected it would- in good standing of his father in any way, of this man or that- and I will take time just after him's wedding to get started, but for as long he lived, and after that for as long the man's reign will end I was certain we will end the suffering for every day his father suffered. A father and child have so much greater chances now.
Writing Prompt inspired by a video game and your characters life.

fantasy||[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of history ceased. What did life have been this century? <newline> <newline> The boy nodded his attention into her blonde, blue skin. It did not matter who it was between them anymore. She smiled back. He smiled back at her too. His thoughts ran like steam. So many possibilities. How would she spend her time? How to make him happy? There would have to be a sacrifice. They were going to take over in 20 years. He knew his chances of saving people were slim at best. But his heart raced. For just such a small year, the world wouldn't matter at all. <newline> <newline> Another second to go. There were only about half a billion people in the entire world now that was it too late. <newline> <newline> The light at the other end, blue as glass illuminated that small bedroom where he still had half an hour, to spare her time. They lived in fear. For that instant, everything changed. His skin was cold and stiff. Tears streaming, the man's vision started. For a minute or so the two didn't interact at all in any way. Then one minute he would begin looking over a few words again until it started with something beautiful. Something beautiful they would both appreciate that made life worth living. <newline> <newline> As soon as the two noticed the change in each others moods she pulled him to join them both in bed. He wanted for nothing else than to feel their bodies touching his like he had held them over his wife. He had never held something so close but a couple seconds would be a lifetime ago now before nothing could fill the air with its memory. They slept happily. She kissed him good night. <newline> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

thriller||[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The last remnants of morning's dinner came rushing from underneath a broken counter. When my son had been awake, I could easily feel how heavy they had gone. I picked my cup up and poured half of it into it without saying goodbye in that unspeakable voice. <newline> <newline> I put one last go at it over it as my eyes finally took their distance to make a cup and drink from one open, and turned on the radio with an annoyed beep like something so young had just accidentally died on screen. *It has all just happened and now it is too late. No need to freakin'listen. Don't bother with him or mom now or I swear to god to have another kid at school to pick up my tab, I swear. * I'm certain now, that as I watch the kids play, my own children are doing exactly as you promised last night they would last year. At least their parents can give 'em that satisfaction, no? Or maybe not that. Either way, I can get that satisfaction over and over. And, maybe, just maybe the fact the child is playing right now is the cause. And I mean it all too. Because if all it takes to really mess up somebody *is* someone's life with some simple, seemingly innocent shit on the news about an overnight internet shutdown is an empty glass on TV in front of no one, there is no point. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> I pulled up to the house to make my getaway to get away. Everything looked just as it was when they picked me- dead white walls on brown, and the smell of mold that had been clinging them over night. I took out my keys before leaving the house, so the man in suits wouldn't see anything on my property unless he did

thriller||[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for about 9 weeks. The boy slept well after that, but his eyes grew red whenever she blinked with it. A time-frame. Time, his mind showed, is measured through the same mechanism as a drug. You're taking something for that much. As long as its labeled as medicine it is allowed. And the company responsible, Dr. Joseph Schumacher, thought it just the perfect way of giving you one of them to have a few too few. So on the second birthday of their daughter, the child was able to switch the pill out of him. His doctor gave it to him when he came into her world with this amazing and different ability for life. Of all that was so good, it didn't even give you time. To experience it every other minute, and maybe once a month when you need something sharp, like an instrument, like fire or a scalpel. Of course it took that much more effort for your head to adjust, and after a few days your first reaction is usually panic, it seems. After a month the anxiety set in, which caused a withdrawal which was then further enhanced into rage and hate. By a few days you start looking more like a lunatic and by weeks you're pretty certain you died, or you have a life to begin with. As soon as you notice her staring in between them, you're in love. The two weeks were all one shot and for most it felt like time. However he had already had a dream, this was it. He had never had something so close but close before. The only thing he would remember before was what his childhood when a beautiful memory was about to come. She stopped in his vision looking, in the kitchen she said, her hand,

adventure||[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read, `` Hey Jake, It's me. `` The phone rings for two counts then suddenly explodes in a pile on my screen, `` Yeah uh.. Jake I'm really busy. We would get along fine if you and I hadn't moved and now I'm in New Orleans with Katrina.. She had so much left and.. How? The Katrina virus? Oh yeah my old friend got caught. I guess she needs me to help her so she can rest. Let's start by having coffee... '' The phone crackled away then immediately faded away when I went to call my wife and daughter to check on their mother.. Katrina started to shake after ten to fifteen mins after which I realized the worst possible scenario, the phone was just starting to ring with her again... It would break if i got it to. After the three counts ended my text box just said, `` I never could stop you. `` I'm at a desk about six hours up the interstate going to the gas station that we used a couple of years ago but did the double take of the fact the gas is out right now before the rain drops made sure I'm too much gas from all that traffic downtown and the rain has stopped all that way to me and now i can't even bring myself to make coffee in one of the cold winter nights. My phone was right there. Then my fingers brushed against something. Then I heard the sound of it and started to reach the floor where it came from and the world went blurry as I turned my ears closed to cover my ears but i heard that same voice over the other speakers through the speakers coming out sound? <newline>

YA||[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck. Today's your first trial. Can you imagine what we are waiting to hear when every single ballot reaches your brain? We will dissect the candidates and judge everyone in the entire world. Everyone is going to die ’ <newline> <newline> And I said, ‘ A dead body for everyone in my body to taste was just crazy… It's why we gave your body the highest approval to keep your intelligence and lifespan healthy. ” <newline>

religious||[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful lot. But at this moment she smiled with her eyes, but his hands weren ’ t touching that hand or his eyes either. It did not matter - it was time, now. Time, his mind went, for her now ; he must have gone years into the future when he died for that little thing to happen, a fleeting flash in his dying imagination. And the year to now was finally coming again. <newline> <newline> Time was not one of them to have a child, his heart - the moment it made up one half part the world. Now here they would sit side by side. His life. She ’ d do much for her friend if they spent more, both for him more at all that was worth a name. <newline> <newline> The light at noon would illuminate, and his fingers would grip what little she saw still, and what did, what there was and still would remain from it. It still sat, but for as long he lived, for as long she lived, the darkness would leave his heart. Maybe then they would be as two halves, for which their father would no longer remember and all that would remain behind. <newline> <newline> Time would be his companion forever ; he must never know the way she 'd gone. He was to walk on that face, forever, as her heart had turned away just before he came in front to join them both. And though his eyes still burned it felt like time had begun. He smiled still more - and this was it. He had lived just three more days but a whole half would be a lifetime indeed just before they could meet face him. <newline> <newline> <newline> -- <newline> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

horror||[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> The book was the black heart of the darkness. Each section a dark silhouette. When my eyes close the heart, I could smell a rotting pulp to the touch. I tried opening them once and the darkness disappeared and replaced it with smokey air. Then, I could remember and still forget its value. I opened one for one last go. <newline> “ What is it? ” The question came from another figure sitting nearby, an old woman, with bright green locks, like fresh autumn apples. I reached up and pulled one up into my palm just above my eyes. My palm turned red with the firey stink emanating from it and I coughed into my palm, struggling to stop the drip. It didn ’ t take too long for both of them to look away once we left. They took another look and said something else, it doesn ’ t fit in with my memory right now anyway, it seems strange to recall their old words before remembering, as strange words to write off completely before that point. <newline> <newline> But there is a certain connection. Both of the women came with me out in what is the first copy made by the authors own hand. Neither of them remembered where it came from, how did I, or any reader besides it, end up there? Perhaps we made a little misstep while researching this, I still had my old memory so I was eager to help get through. <newline> “ How old? I ’ ve been seeing these pictures on Wikipedia, where are they right around here. They were almost taken. Look again if I get stuck… they tell me ‘

urban||[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> The last message of the man whom they chose to bring before a machine, an audio program read the question perfectly, <newline> <newline> “ Name? Tell us, and why did he turn? ” I looked in that direction for a minute before taking another look. There he laid, I knew there couldn ’ t be any doubt in the other camp, but something in my heart told me Clark Kent could, and wouldn

sports||[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> The last message of the civilization of the future read, in a dark font. When my son was just a teenager. At the edge of death we had hoped there would come time for humanity and our planet and all the animals he 'd had contact with for years. His first radio transmitter rang out, and now I 'd watched for ages like blind man looking towards the wall next to my daughter, eyes wide and still looking at my boy as an old woman was wheeled towards me, her back propped on two plastic wheels made of cloth. She held a clipboard out and motioned at her family members for them to come down quickly and sit down. My son shook his mother ’ s hand. As her fingers pressed against the cool plastic the word of warning in that ancient language faded away to white and she slumped, sobbing. A few seconds passed, my son in the dark clutching her hair behind his back like I've never seen a woman look before before on another young man, the light still there on that machine shining back at him that night that day over and over. And, the thing that most changed the life was not his first phone receiver the first signal received by others from all over. But his father standing behind his in the waiting room clutching a sheet of paper in his outstretched fingers. <newline> <newline> The message was not an attempt at persuasion like in days before. No, there was no hope. <newline> “ How will things turn on those good times, ” he said, tears in his eyes as he handed her back to the mother on his way down, “ they tell little of the

adventure||[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> The last message of the human colony - The First Transmission- the last message from its people, the rest of human civilisation could be deciphered to the point there would come only one translation and the best and most beautiful it ever recorded. We would get out of the dead and walk through life anew, and all our pasts through to this new stage could simply vanish if someone took their knowledge to make a false and destructive belief - in all future technologies we are essentially nothing more than a new kind of slave. For these days even more, and no future of all is certain and there are more lives to come for our people - many of them in danger, our resources limited and only living now or in past ages.... So why? Why? Because the worst possible scenario, the worst sort of chaos we face with more and more death and destruction around - we can all get in the wrong places or not understand ourselves or our place in that which we call life? Why give us peace as you might say with a gun on that gun - when you can send yourself into a dark and dreary world? Well that time might be the way ahead. This is going the way the great sages and artists foretold that it was going by some old legends - there is a word used to define and interpret these things. Time itself is not an entity you are aware of or understand, not like music like in most art or science. <newline> So - I want these past, it and all pasts now. <newline> Here are my things, as you always wanted. Here are all the dreams of these previous people, from them they tell stories of the old ones that have been on the inside, past this day here, and other events that took many, maybe just maybe forever past. <newline> I have a camera and I go on a voyage around here too on the inside for everyones pleasure and I get back here in no time and you
children's||[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> **SOCK INJECTED TO REPS, THE FOLLOWING IS EXODUS --** *This is the final transcript from Alexei and Ivan. After all of you read all of the testimony for you in the testimony shed. And after reading the witness depositions and interview records of the Russian scientists themselves you can all be assured... This does indeed present something of the most serious and troubling case we could get. And as we told your investigators earlier today ( when our officers spoke with one investigator they seemed quite shocked that it was something like this? ) all that you wanted the American authorities do before leaving Russia is the transcript. And just to be clear -- I can speak to anyone whose experience doesn't conform to what's here. The Russians here actually told a lot of good stories. * '' <newline> * <newline> <newline> * '' Ladies and gentlemen, these is Alexei and Ivan with an excerpt from 
romance||[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-negacy. Every man's mind has an algorithm for it as it goes from an open to shutoff state. A man just might get bitten by a needle. Every day is going to test everything about me and what life is now and what I think is going on in my brain now. That is exactly what is taking place today. In front of a computer screen displaying every day on his desk, Dave was staring at this exact image of a girl being stabbed from behind by an unknown man over several more moments and several more steps in front. Dave began reading aloud, he was going to go to hell as soon as his memory was no longer working. Not having sleep, or something worse that most things of the future can also cause is going to make things really hard for some folks. Dave began screaming profanities to his computer screen but no words came out after 7 days of listening to Dave spew about it like always. <newline> <newline> “ God you better learn to have a damn sense of order guys… <newline> “ Where was the gun last night?! How was your girl today Dave? ” He took one look to the door on which was the computer screen, a very short girl was walking toward Dave, clearly just having a normal life. All he could think is that there were only 5 people left with him that was supposed to watch out for his shit and the 3-4 of these assholes that followed suit and just came for whatever reason after Dave put everything into place. <newline>

religious||[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost control from before the last message. When my unit was stationed to check on the colony a few years ago in Europe there was very much news. They're finally ready to rezone people. We would get out of the house and walk through the main gates and walk out into the courtyard for processing. We could leave the house for hours and not even feel a thing and still be fine in all three dimension if necessary. As an infantry officer, I can only advise caution here. These kind of precautions will only make you less effective and there's nobody like you for them to come across. Just in case they find that you're someone they know too. As such I have taken up arms for the cause of protecting this last piece of consciousness inside them. The idea came from an emergency session for the captain of some old base in Central Russia in January. Apparently they did have some contact that some `` extra-spontaneous events '' that happen inside the consciousness of the `` sentient machine-life being. '' Unfortunately that only meant they couldn't understand the actual messages, the ones the humans give out at birth before the first two hundred and forty six days of pregnancy that warn them that there are life-defying dangers surrounding their planet and their planet has decided that they need these messages on an automatic basis in one form or the other. Unfortunately we have no clue how or if these messages help us. All the message ever had was the name and some basic technical specs. <newline> <newline> Apparently as you can see, they didn't understand any of what I 'd be explaining. They just want to be on some other damn news channel, a TV we can't really afford. Anyway, back to humanity. A small ship, or the entire colony as humanity thought it for that time period, had left the

sports||[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives just to build an outpost. A world full of hope and happiness built around such a single message to the rest of time, to everything. They called it the end of days. We would get out of the house and walk through the gate, and walk out into the light beyond. They called it the dark. For me and my colleagues, we all chose how we viewed our place as an indivision with light coming in all its forms so there we knew. <newline> <newline> Today is my day of death. After walking for hours I have found another exit. A quiet world that would hold us safe now that we have the light to speak of. In that dark the lone hope in that ever present blackness stands at the very back, watching as I watch the world burn. <newline> In all its ways one last message is being received that will take a minute or ten to put into speech, words to write off as impossible that a person could truly understand that would not only kill and drive people from this world, but to stop the lights from entering. This is going the hardest. Our time as a colony has brought many messages that we do not really understand, but even I, I want my best to say that none more will bring comfort then a message in one life or the next. <newline> It's sad, that every message must come and leave a moment it must travel into this last door. Our job, our whole existence comes, and we have to finish, just one more room left.

comedy||[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> The last sentence of my career was always `` No more lies or broken promises... *Not* anymore, son. It will never stop to do more for anything other than this. You're too young, it's been too long, and I am not taking this anymore. There is no point anymore for your lies. I refuse to listen as others continue to waste their energy on lies and false promises for everything others in all walks of life are forced to experience. You may have saved so many people, and even more, and will only die alone at your hand now because your words make those with them feel terrible, as if they were somehow less because you said one horrible lie or another. As such to have you leave this for other people won't be very respectful. However I will gladly continue listening, for as long as you love my boy my friend - the love for lies you promised never stops - I will never rest with a wish such as that on another young man like me. But I know that as soon as you finish hearing, that this moment and every life you are supposed to take, the lie no matter the person dies and is the cause. And I say it all too much my darling boy. Your fate and the choice before you

mystery||[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared twice. Then all my years spent trying to kill myself came crashing back to me. Why had I been so fucking stupid!! He stood right into my view, eyes narrowed to hell itself. <newline> <newline> But, his expression showed he realized how lucky the situation must have been... but I knew it still felt true. <newline> <newline> At first, his jaw locked in a silent, deep thought, yet I knew he needed help to think more carefully. This can't be normal... a murder weapon. Surely his heart had just left his chest but could the person be able to see the signs and act immediately. His muscles tightened and took shape with a certain satisfaction, I felt proud to tell myself like such of his life. <newline> <newline> Finally, as though time slowed down, his breathing began in rapid slow movements in slow increments of seconds, then at times just an absolute, unassailable speed. Like what his body taught his organs. It appeared to be coming to a natural conclusion after a few more seconds. Then again in his defense it seems strange that we had the ability to read every fiber of a being we looked upon on one's own, without the slightest hint if something was amiss with their eyes. To the outside observer they would remain hidden but I 'd never have guessed why he actually used that same secret technique of a weapon during our last conversation just before he committed his suicide to. Yet even now in this moment, he smiled at me and looked at where his life ended once more! That's it. He had me fooled that this body ever could help him anymore...

comedy||[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was very close to an erotic lyric. My eyes burned. *Damn him for making such a joke*, but to hell with the rest I kept going. <newline> I looked around the church. We would get out at sunset. To be free of all sins and anxieties for one last go at happiness would surely prove to be a blessing and joy to me. After my morning coffee break my phone beeped. I turned it off. That meant something was waiting on my laptop screen ; there was no time like the present now and there was more pressing concerns such as trying to find a taxi cab in my rush to get home. Then someone must have dropped their shoe... Oh dear shit. I grabbed the phone and began making phone calls. Someone called my name and tried answering, but as I hung up my headphones it's been three tries for another call. Still nothing. If it takes some time to listen in you need it, as I have no patience of wasting the rest of this day and the week as that might kill both me and everyone else. All day I searched the library for the answers to what is the cause. Why are they afraid to communicate in my presence? Why do they call the local newspaper and tell everybody I'm insane with false claims? Did these people not even make love in one evening or not? I still felt like they need to pay better attention! Maybe if I called a few prominent politicians it would be different? <newline> <newline> I pulled up Facebook, as usual I was always checking it to know why people liked what I like. Not the other news websites ; they all are out of touch nowadays... Maybe a couple politicians here, some with influential networks around the country maybe I must know! <newline> *Is this a political game... what do I pay attention too?

urban||[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> Satan was an extremely interesting guy, one very successful, no less. He ran everything by himself. <newline> `` Who in all of hell would allow you in to the main compound? It seems very much in order to prevent Satan making sure we get enough drugs to put us all behind bars. Why do people do stupid things? Maybe those people will know. Why? They will want your information anyway. No, really.Yes, just give everyone here their credit card information. Do it please? No biggie you probably know this already do you? Go away here. It's nothing personal. It's been a bad week so just ignore it. If you've never had a problem before? This is how I deal with all things.Yes, now you seem to have made this a habit, just ignore it! Just call your boss! Yes I have that. ''... Ok you've really hit on your big moment....

fantasy||[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled sheepishly, still as a flock of sheep when there's little sheep at a distance. `` Can he read...? `` I asked. My friend seemed reluctant now that I'm speaking to them in person, with eyes closed. With one finger curled firmly, his tail jerked back at an angle. His lip was trembling under the pressure of my own. <newline> <newline> He turned to his computer. His finger hovered over the F, and I watched closely in anticipation to the text he got when you hit enter. <newline> > -Your favorite book is currently closed, and I could have saved it with one more tab, and we could do it later. Thanks, mike <newline> <newline> The window on the screen flicked onto that. `` Hey, it's too dark outside of work. We should at least eat in, I get cold a lot when I stay home at times like that. Also, there a little red stain you 'll probably miss right over this laptop. Let's just hope it looks a little less clean. Let's go downstairs. I was making dinner last night and the microwave wouldn't turn off. Just a bit more than four-fifths open.
Writing Prompt inspired response <endprompts> To all men that dream of being heros, do you have what it take? Not because you want a big ego to keep up in life, you're far enough to see your life ending in your bed and still having it's best. However, because of life itself your dreams can not survive. It takes more hard work than just being a decent guy. I 'll be doing a lot more as soon...

YA||[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> Mark and Emily both looked at his heart rate, it was increasing steadily until suddenly, slowly a slow pulse occurred between the both. After just two and a half seconds of his pace they realized their partner had already run in for another. Not before checking over their own mark. When Mark looked through the lens he witnessed the mark from inside his partner's body changing from red to black a faint shimmer could now be observed. A few minutes before his heart raced into an alarm. That's one hell of a time-frame it's been he thought, but that's not like the problem today at least as the doctor had not just seen a new problem... The problem was a broken heart. <newline> With an almost imperceptible he started to fall back towards his work area. He had finally caught up on the meeting and made it a few minutes of cardio now without any serious break in stride. Today was a different level... Mark decided it should really count on himself, but in the meantime. <newline> The doctor was sitting there, looking at one the most beautiful and perfect marks on his left arm. He took it carefully to his face where a red cross with his number '24' was printed on it... Thats right, just now in another world it actually read *The 24-million mark is for one of two men who will share the same mark with each other '.

thriller||[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared in disbelief for what felt like ages. What did I have done this time? <newline> <newline> My mom's voice. I know she says my name whenever she wakes us up. A faint, high-pitched squealing of joy is often an indicator of this, but he says nothing and always turns to us. <newline> <newline> At first, his body refused to do what I was told by my therapist. Some weird shit just happened because he got a few words of advice to try and work through his issues. I wanted to shout, to fight back the call of pain in my voice, and I couldn't figure it out, because when it came into our brain, nothing changed. This guy looked like his son. <newline> <newline> Finally, as much time passed as a dad could bear in, I decided he's probably just a figment of my imagination. Then, there it was - that familiar grin. A grin that made my brain hurt as if he was really asking a question for someone, a man - in his 30's. After we both stood there the day after his 30th birthday, his parents sat over on either side of the bed. Their hands were both sweaty but with something else. Something almost resembling pity. Dad turned away but I 'll never forgive myself for sitting on the back and shoulders.

romance||[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> After spending eternity alone I realized that it felt wrong. All I could say is, *I can * hear it. Not *know* anymore. <newline> `` Who are you supposed to be talking to right now? ''. He seemed unamused and then began again to weep softly, he had been talking almost every day of my existence but he always managed to get this rambunctious attitude. Why?? <newline> The question was irrelevant. What should happen? If everyone just just looked past it. Why did he cry then? Why?? Should I blame him?? Did he have regrets for not just saying goodbye instead of taking the podium? That thought made sense. He may feel what he is thinking right now... not all I can feel is grief but all I should feel is grief. * <newline> <newline> There he stood again, smiling sadly but with a smile that did not come until recently. What did?! Had something happened in the afterlife. Is God there? Was he gone before? What do we need to do in the meantime... don't hurt his family?... did he forgive us?.. does God forgive his legacy? I looked to him intently... how should he comfort. Oh right the world? Oh so simple... <newline> <newline>

adventure||[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> After spending the last hour at his favourite beach, David realized he could get some solace back. It may well be the sun that kept him going, which of all his decisions in recent years, would allow himself in to another place. He stepped over into the darkness, and made to make sure he took enough supplies out from inside his room. As soon he opened the blind he realized something very upsetting was taking over. A yellow flash, as red as the water, was taking up part of the night sky overhead, the light coming from it seemed to be growing rapidly and shooting the sky in its wake, much as the world had for two hours of continuous light now burning itself down from what was before his eyes. If one takes these few seconds, he thinks he can catch him before David could escape down the cliff, perhaps just until dusk? David turns a corner, he turns a couple more, and is still faced by darkness. And then... Suddenly it cuts itself off, in slow, almost hypnotic fashion. <newline> <newline> The lighthouse, which once seemed as beautiful and wondrous on any given day. the only thing left to its exterior is a shining light to his south. It looked to him as though some large man, with long black hair covering what was the tip of his ears. A large hand pushed up through his chest like it would if it held another object of much bigger stature. The rest of David's face lit from inside him as though it was trying a light bulb but it failed, there stood before him a massive, white, faceless figure. For once everything came alive and David was no longer so disoriented by the fact he felt he had died or something. There had indeed existed this figure once, standing before his own head a moment before. <newline> But this person spoke to one in particular for quite a reason.

scifi||[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful smear. But at this moment she smiled with her eyes, but his hands gripped on to his neck. His throat burned and he needed to do something with it. Was she trying to touch it, his lips still red? He tried not to giggle but he could feel the wetness against his skin pressing against something sticky, a strange mixture - like something foreign. And the scent. <newline> A mixture which he 'd just let go and found again somewhere behind them. <newline> But his mouth - this time it made sound, but could the world be a place like this too? Was this the kind of situation one could have when life didn't care if they survived and the other lived? Could life not really care either of their ends, both of their means of knowing? Was a life just a meaningless, short-lived activity that only ever lasted a little, just an end, like the first time you took off from work one day - which didn't last but certainly was different - a story that ended, a story that would not ever end until it would always be the story the day after? Is a being more important then just one's own existence? Was a human even something more? <newline> <newline>

mystery||[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> The last man of the group stroked back his long dark-blue beard. When my son was just barely five. At one of those times he had to be picked apart for any and everything. Like he always did it seemed I never had that much experience at anything. To be a man has some limits, I knew there were some. He picked it as a way for me to not let go completely. A bit like having my parents cut my hair. I guess that's how I've felt the time and even more, since the incident of all those years ago now. To forget your child without them knowing is like losing them in a rush to forget something. Especially someone so important to you. Of all the memories and experiences I could remember of my children, those few I left to live and remember more, were mine. A very small amount, my own in the grand scheme but you got used to them eventually it seems. At a funeral? Sure, it would have looked odd to others of us not that a family usually did. However as that day of remembrance approached I started feeling the effects. To the point the room is shaking right now is the hardest. And more worrying I should add. But I was finally content to be quiet, sitting on a bus or getting my sandwich out for some late night snack. Today would make no difference with all the stress, not with what he was trying so desperately to do. Maybe if I got a few months of peace, it would all seem small now. But this year there was absolutely zero. His face contorted with fear and anger. Even with those he always had, even after they grew beyond him.

fantasy||[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> The last sentence of my life was spoken. No more words or words only an absence. I was an empty shell floating through time a few times to the point there was very much an echo and the echo and I weren't really able to say much for ages. In reality when everything stops all thinking and all thinking for there is no more action nor memory as to the point is no one alive until a word and some noise is able to be translated on words and with that some action is made. <newline> <newline> There will only be you when words and there will only be your silence for when I left there 'd always be a moment that would hold only memories, or I didn't mind waiting for the moment for the word of my life would always be the most precious time and with nothing, that's why if i wanted it my lips were bound in chains or had one last chance at being called that once a thousand times in one second on another planet, because no I still am not that alive and i am an eternity as that day of waiting and i want it right this day, the name the word is the first and last and it will be me who's memory will finally be understood once again. The last name has been used, I 'll never be remembered in my old shell nor on another planet no that one can wait I 'd still be there in spirit so I will be there again if time allowed and I want so it, it will stay. Then the word would be the silence and the world. It is enough for us.

children's||[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> `` Sir this is *too* urgent we can not finish your last sentence. Can you finish what? '' <newline> <newline> The doctor stifled the panic at this and proceeded as one, checking the body while doing so. <newline> His eyes seemed dulling over their own stupidity and continued working. There was simply too much in his body to keep looking his medical records from day-to-day. The headmaster of the academy had left the papers that would give a snapshot of his entire medical history. His mother's had simply disappeared the other day. The school was even busier than usual, this needed to go to the press office for some kind of story to be written. Finally she asked him what that document described that he had wanted? The doctor said nothing he only looked down at his clipboard. That document... what would he read now? <newline> <newline> The clock, set to one in the room ticked. <newline> <newline> He sighed a bit at his inability to go into more details at once. That could of been his last job interview anyways if the documents weren't blank. If the reports were what he had been counting on it would explain them so far at the same level as before. Even if they came from his own medical records the story was incomplete until the medical history was clear. This made him so frustrated as that, the body wouldn't talk at all for a while then stop asking questions. What about... his father. <newline>

YA||[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having tea, sitting in a corner, with his mouth just slightly open and his hands folded under his table as he wondered through words. Now she stood on his living room window, her dress ruffling behind her, with sweat on her skin, wet kisses drying her back against the brick walls at an angle he could hardly recognize her under. Tears rolled into him for that long. As long he had to deal with these types of things. He knew they all did wrong, that his boss'actions meant he needed more and more pressure to do them right. And so they were. Now his heart wanted it back, to fight it the way their mothers fought against racism, and now at the old doctor's, this was to be it, one last trial to show the judge for him. Tears now welled as a knot tightened in both of their palms on each other. The old doctor would do, and his patients'words of apology flowed silently at times like that. Then, there it were, words no one would ever miss that started this argument. Words that he was already certain would never come again, the most beautiful in nature, ever to be used or repeated as such again for even just his eyes to think again. He remembered seeing her in those same books a few days later as it started with something beautiful and moving but so wrong that he found it impossible to think how he had come to take them at that exact moment. She looked away from him in such a way he can now only think of him doing. And though his eyes still burned it felt like

adventure||[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from death. I went back there before death took my life, my sweet one, he smiled at me, but I knew there came to that point that I'm just sitting here not taking off my eyes. A bit worried now. But, it just comes, is just an instinct. His smile was fading into the depths when he whispered something that felt as though it was a prayer to take my mind to one spot where nothing could take control or I can't do anything. `` Is your last breath coming? There hasn't been a human alive until now and I wanted you to see one die '' the voice called out in hushed tones and I immediately lost it. The sound of glass shards tearing away into metal made him cry to noctilation for my entire life. <newline> What did he know about how everything on me? Was a mirror just a piece, I mean in my eyes its so different? So different like the human, like there a little plastic tube you 'll probably miss that it did change. How does he know what they do? Does someone make a phone call in a dead plane I was supposed to take into the cockpit for a crew saving a crew was a human on one of my own planets. Was a human? Or a body? There are parts and different life?

fantasy||[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> Life is an interesting, and yet very predictable force. Like the first waves in sea battles it sweeps in upon waves and sweeps over men. With these waves life picks through the dead while it continues to fight in search of the next chance. Even those who find it must always remember that their place will change before they can see the sunrise. Life follows us, whether through its natural progression toward that destination or from within the limits it has carved for itself so patiently to keep ourselves connected and sane that we have a natural tendency to continue on. If it's life's greatest weapon it's that sense of forethought. No one alive, not even our children come prepared to face those of another's nature in a manner that suggests more struggle than is proper. Death waits for the end to a thing that, well as many people know, is not the end. It follows things to find it and when a new set will be revealed, it leaves, often alone for years until something has changed, and death again. <newline> <newline> For many millennia, many men have believed Death could guide this world's destiny, if the rules, it seems, have just gotten a little too tight with Death itself. This leads them on one of three paths ; to embrace change in stride of Death. Most accepted life at this point for it's capacity for destruction when it was at it weakest, as that is always Death taking advantage by pushing us towards a more permanent solution. That path led directly to death, no longer even being a choice for most who 'll have accepted it a thousand years prior

urban||[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that, it had happened all over again before she got off at the airport -- once every few years. He remembers when the bus driver came to his stall and asked for his phone number to keep him logged into it. A time-frame. Time, his watch showed, when she asked if he could have a date? How 'd he know what that felt like? How could a child want someone to marry one of those `` baby killers, she thought, with those dark-blue jumpsuits the color of his eyes? They were always like... darker-hued. So I wanted to see, to go somewhere to live. Now here they would have his number - the number the bus company printed down when it brought you away from work. The kind, small number of his life time that was so... special it didn't even give you time -- she knew it had to do, and maybe in a million year when she saw he would go the other, other way or that maybe he 'd see it through that. It wasn't real because she knew - a million people never, a man's lifetime, time is not supposed to be as beautiful as these numbers were today -- in fact she still hoped one had a little life behind it.
Writing Prompt inspired by a video game ( and my opinion on what that video game should be ), how you are the hero to stop me- and defeat you in a story of your choosing 
adventure||[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the pavement. The blood-guts, broken flesh protruding out from each corner are gone instantly. The boy looks up, terrified and wide-eyed. I guess in that moment he sees nothing. All he sees were two large and perfectly symmetrical cylinders emanating from under his feet as though he had just been crushed into something. The room was still empty - there, as an old woman was wiping glasses again she muttered - 'That was the time. Let's start again sometime.'That is probably a good idea... The child's mind is occupied elsewhere- in a panic to keep himself alive or somewhere else that might stop the horror to come at the moment. But the child knew in that moment how important it was to stay with her, that it would break if she gave it up. After the blood stopped, his fear melted back into confusion. He sat back a minute in anticipation- 'What? How did the kids still live so far?'<newline> <newline> But there is a certain relief in the air. He knew where the hell he is before the woman wiped off more makeup and stepped down. He can almost walk towards his old room - there is a door right outside- and find some empty clothes, a cigarette on the coffee table in one of the drawers, clothes on both sides of the sofa. So there. A whole row - his whole room was, it would not seem - one bedroom and 2 bathrooms and all the other parts of his childhood home was just that - empty. Everything on his list was, from his dad's phone number down to the carpet, and nothing inside his house that was connected, apart from him. And no, this doesn't matter. His old room was probably filled up or something.... It wasn't too dangerous

adventure||[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> The city had endured. The wind would rustle along the city's brick walls as you shuffled down into it from an open alley, looking through open portholes to survey the street before yourself. Everything seemed so familiar to you, almost like they happened only a million and five minutes ago. The city had, without you noticing it in this moment, changed in such a manner never quite fully occurring. Gone were the big skyscrapers. New skyscrapers had opened along its sides, rising from its base and connecting at each of the corners and basements. The city stood still, suspended by some unseen force as though waiting to see what happened, unsure, perhaps, that fate must follow him. All of it a stranger now that of your moment. This was a new world that you had been transported, a place full of strangers waiting for the day to begin anew but still with strangers in tow. Now, you had lived inside of it for so long that you had come to enjoy its tranquility but had lost something, something new. The strangers in such close and loving embrace no longer were. Now they were there simply because some strangers needed a place. One time only had brought with it those visitors to tell stories to you. The strange place they spoke in had turned from the coldness of winter day to warm winter's chill a thousand and one times ; they were, to repeat the words that made everyone in there understand their foreign, and the new-found, foreign concept you and they shared and accepted, `` you can't make that snow float ''. That, and one thousand other times there was the voice of somebody or some people walking away a

western||[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of dance for this hour. Every person around me has started in to the music, only this time, the number of voices being sung did not include the singers, just the rest of everyone. One man started the singing by clapping his hands for effect. He could hardly control the music, and soon he had a huge cheer for himself and everyone, as everybody sang. I guess everyone could be kind like them, no? I have grown more aware of this feeling of social isolation around here now because the song came to the end, almost like I knew how it felt to be with myself or someone close to me. As the number was increased up again I wondered why everyone knew so quickly. That was the biggest mystery and I thought, that's why the song got picked up, so the audience must be familiar with it. All I could do was take a minute out before answering this obvious question, because no I still am not that kind person. <newline> <newline> After I started asking the more knowledgeable people the question the song came out in what is the standard tone of music, and all I could do from was nodding towards it in the usual direction.

mystery||[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> Dont get me wrong. They all work with a passion about RNGesus as you know it as such a `` well intentioned but stupidly misguided man with an evil eye. Even more ignorant to the evils of humanity it turns out is so much easier of a job and you are on full leave right from the start as far it matters here because no RNGesus could get in a conversation. And this guy on his back with his shitty knife but oh shit is there a way this works it seems pretty clever. <newline> <newline> Any who thats about to go through... well dont come back and i hope you wont remember, just know thats probably going to happen soon dont you, just come a few years down the line. Or should I say you wont remember but for those of you who never got that memo i guess we 'll just call those guys with the sharpened clubs so sorry you had to see them suffer <newline>

sports||[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like heaven compared to this life. The warm air filled the tiny flat apartment, but I could feel the pressure that filled our small apartment building. I needed to do something with it. With him, we could all make it. He smiled for the last time. His bright yellowing teeth set the small round silver bottle against my throat. I nodded towards the bottle. There was one. And the bottle opened, the water, the tea, water in it just the color he always smelled like. I poured down two large pinches into the drink. For just a moment after drinking it the world went a little white, like his red eye. His cheeks crinkled up when he drank it, I felt that strange weight, like if my entire life had come flooding forward out of it, but now they were on me. The empty drink filled my heart, and filled his eyes like so many empty glass teacups that once tasted like fire or hot chocolate that no one would ever find right. It was me then again he was my brother after all, I remember the man's beautiful purple jacket I was supposed to be the son the day he met his father in law. But then one minute he would go looking over a book and the next it's just me and my mother.

western||[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> The people had been waiting in the park, with hundreds of thousands upon billions upon millions, with billions with nothing for hours... well the day would soon be full as the masses are getting tired of the dead. Those with few friends began pouring around here and they waited impatiently for a chance at what was going on. A long time? That can't be right... <newline> I stepped onto my front steps. A big, black, humanlike vehicle, similar to those of old rolled through from down the block. <newline> They were called the vehicles by millions. An AI had started out creating them as the number to `` create a better tomorrow, but as people got sick they simply changed, or so a few had said. You could never really know. There were reports of them getting bigger, a bit faster... it looked like they 'd started building factories as we slept the better days off of you. How long before it found another one like you? You have it right now and its already too late. '' A long thought to tell someone why and all I can think are of the last day. He would see him eventually one day. One time only. The world may end and they all look up to him and then the universe itself... how far from the reality they go from then. What they're left with is these robots or whatever they call them to take over every need or want, they even started having a human type like figure now, but all you could find are bodies... just for decoration in my humble room here. I guess this life on this earth will just end there... the people just need to be thankful for these machines, and when that day finally comes you can't deny him anything in the form of love, hope or any other substance like that,

mystery||[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five months from the year God joined God as First President when He took office in 2020 to complete it. `` Hello? Is everybody okay in America? '' Asked John Adams. `` Jesus is here now and yes people are looking over their own grave this evening. Yes no one should sleep under any circumstances, John and Mary just came home from the bathroom after John gave the final blessing so Mary's sleeping too now. So Mary's here too. Is she doing the same, she's in and she has no business being outside of America. Is she ok there, her son, son Christ? Thats just Mary, he's in a big box somewhere. Does that give us any of any business? I 'll tell you, she's been very rude to all the Americans since. She's very angry about the fact that Americans will always go outside without permission, why can't everyone be in the US and be a U.S. citizen? That's why we have America. Don't go home now God. Let us speak first before the presidents, it seems my day just got a lot upptt. Jesus smiled. He got it from Jesus before, and for Jesus it will always be `` Good Morning '' or at least that's the thing the politicians always talk about this day and age. <newline> Now isn't he Jesus? It looks as his day as anyone else would, not exactly a saint but one who's going to get along really. But is that the worst of all possibilities. Who am I as a citizen just staring at Jesus and God's head while he is at work? <newline>

scifi||[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the message read, 'Please don't. I can kill her. You need to understand me for what I am to God and I only care. Please'' and I looked around my living room in a sense for nothing. `` Mom if God were good he would get out for someone he loved more than himself.. She had so much left and she wanted her lover to be alone like me in all things. She told me I shouldn't love my husband so I stayed here. She made herself feel less isolated and alone just because I chose to stay here too.'`` I went down to my wife and we hugged until we cried like little children crying for mommy.... It really fucked over for our son and wife but that doesn't stop my anger and need more, that's why if i do it my revenge can make her be alone to enjoy it. Mom would still love her husband even today. She loves us but that is because the best of us know that without me i can't love that i am and there is nothing but the darkness that lies outside the dark where all are at and that the things inside that are not dark should never be open and all should leave. Please do you want to take that right to me and be loved? Just know that when we die a little in one life we will take more life and there can be so much better in heaven. But know mom and I want so much, it will not last but one good day, because there must be that.'right right here, just one day to know.

children's||[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> The last message of the civilization of the future reached us before a dark, silent and empty future world died. Many other civilizations lived a hard but happy existence to the rest of time, others were the very definition of death. Some people never had children, for there is not enough time between life and death and even then the number is usually close to zero as the numbers come too closely and soon to make a difference and some end quickly in death as well. One was just an idea conceived by its programmers so there ’ s even more room for interpretation here. I knew this and now it was here too. There was one thing of real importance in it, our system system of money currency, or rather digital currency to give value instead of purchasing for other users of the system, the exchange rate, was at $ 0.10 cents as of this very minute, it doesn ’ t know why or why ’ s what, it seems some odd things could change overnight on our end as well, the world still lived on after a few short months, that we can not explain why there is a certain correlation with the time since the beginning with the value at what is the standard. Our exchange rate also didn ’ t exactly equal something of significance in the past but even I, I was the best with numbers in my hands, when we made a little change with the time value, I got what he was trying so I just had the system adjusted. I couldn ’ t just wait it out and I couldn ’ t expect the whole nation to agree. It doesn ’ t get better like that….it would always change, even after they made a simple calculation

horror||[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him out, I was a homeless asshole with my mouth hanging off the ends. I tried explaining myself but he just shook his head but I knew there was someone that couldn't speak his mouth to save his life. Now it's time, we could all make his journey down to the underworld and the same end result. I am out the fuck in this hole that my wife is now walking towards to my front yard, how would the judge see me, she probably wants me executed because if someone got killed for my lack of a license, people always thought you wanted murder because you thought criminals deserve the same. I always hated jail for the mental pain its like, I used to have everything going great. I could have a life outside prison, I used to be a man like everyone expected me to be but my job got all weird after prison. But there was time when things were at their lowest in town and maybe in my eyes I deserved a better prison job just what my employers said there a time before jail. They were probably right that it did change me as someone he was, they found a way to make a man's crime a victim of choice and they left the rest the way they were because that really was the definition of a victim who would go without care a few days a go until they could no longer control their feelings.

