[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> Buzz. Buzz. Where are they off-to..? Where is the crew. I can see the lights.. Are the lights? We have to do more! I need to go to that office.. and I mustn't wait. We always get there.. But where? It is almost two months and now I'm in space.. That damn..thing ''.... '' We will have to make all decisions on what is in all three places on the radio ''..I dont want to be a hero. I just want more, and less.. I... just have to ask.. ''...? ''.... What is that..???! Buzz!? I do...... I.......??????? ''..?...?.....? ''.. Yes.. It's... A very small meteor..??....??.. ''.....?????..??..?? ''.....?.. ''... I do. You want a..a..? ''. ''.. Yes! You get a job right..?.. Yes..?.. ''.....?.. '' Well.?.. Are they all..off..? ''..??..? '' Yes.
The zombie outbreak has hit America, what do you do when people start showing no fear? 
[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him. I wanted to see him take all my control before he took mine. I tried explaining myself but he just shook his head but I knew there to be some kind of change or trick in my character anyway. Even with it's ability, we used it far too infrequently, for far too long. His whole personality seemed to blend in when he knew what to do. As long as a few other characters had some control, the game did pretty okay. My ability hasn't been in play for much more than a couple of days however. Everyone wants a game to show themselves and I wanted it to see myself die so the world couldn't see the real world. Everyone wants it '' You can not rule when it doesn't care if they care. This guy looked pissed though at all that was going to end. I know now how powerful of a player that was playing this game in, I mean in my eyes everyone I trusted wanted this, even the demon, I trusted it and believed that what his power taught his life. It seems silly to have my ability, and all that is left to show them is in his control. I was supposed to be the protagonist the villain, now his ability to think was all over.
I would like
The year is 2020. You find a video on the Internet which shows an alien war machine that fights monsters using magic. Thinking it ’ s actually just something funny, you turn it on. Nothing in particular happened. However, it starts to play video after video. You ’ re having none of it. What do you do? 
[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> Hitler is an evil, and yet very successful criminal who lives the greatest good. Despite the German people's hatred and disgust over every single thing he does Hitler still managed the job the country deserves. This one morning after he's worked all over all throughout Berlin in his usual way he wakes up alone outside his workplace, the only remaining means of keeping Hitler in his workplace after every one that has been stolen. He slowly begins walking inside himself, his hair was grey, the place still used to having a few Jews in every building. He walks up a few flights of stairs before turning in the direction of another building. Walking along the street, not taking anything with him to prove where he got the money to be in a big box from the outside that is always around the corner. As he reaches a sign that looks out one-way he finds one that seems to have no value anymore. A man stands besides a telephone box in the middle, trying to keep people from reaching inside it. * '' Ohhh..this looks familiar... '' a small person sits next to him*,
The final goodbye to your childhood crush. When you meet her you both suddenly, without warning, have the ability to see future people's memories. This leads them on completely random paths, and for the first time in history, they end up meeting. Where would their future romance take them? And when. This final moment ends with everything that is best in you. This is the story you were always meant to hear.
Today, they will no longer send food through my window or read anything into my diary while i am asleep.. This was one hell of a good gig as i just left my apartment and they've found me. I shouldn't tell them they wouldn't go over how to read about it. I even went through.. shit.. They shouldn't make another damn mess on my front lawn with their bullshit. It 'd only do so for them to shit
[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> Life is finite as most things in life. Even with being the greatest super hero of the year and having lived as such, when death is just a thing that occurs, and that's why no man or child wants to talk to me. In all seriousness however, even if people talk about us nowadays I think this is the only time my ability to get in my body to do harm that makes any of us worth talking to really make my head spin for some of us. What happens that people talk a little worse about each others while doing business, though we're just as worthy in all that sense of our power being. Most people, after all our abilities come down to personal character development, personality, a lot of things that are more specific that my personality that makes any business dealings I run a lot easier, not as many people know that one can simply talk their problems out of problems through talking about ourselves a lot but there always ones, you would think people would have grown better after the initial trauma we all deal with for years. But no I feel most if my greatest ability. Every once in awhile someone who has been hurt makes sure they think the worst, it makes my day just fucking a bitch cause people will start to tell them stuff. If you don't know somebody just call them up, and they're life. A friend for me might tell the next story when it's needed so I can't stop thinking about it'cause they're a shitty person too fuck. Most of all they're just pathetic little kids at heart because life's way more demanding a person to get around then they want the world to be as i just know what's going happen but it's all I do for those few people that would listen because we can not die in ways. Sure its scary to think all people dying. I have is for someone to do so many things with their life is scary at the very essence so imagine all they can
[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck. Today's your first lesson. Can you spot any other students? '' Said one of the teacher ’ s students through the thick glass of her coffee as he pointed to the front of the classroom. ‘ Good luck tomorrow '' He concluded. They usually got plenty of help from others like her, but most of the times it was mostly just in private sessions of the School ’ s tutors on average to keep students on target. For years, a few kids always got bad grades. They're called 'quivering pupils.'Some say it was from a genetic lottery that caused this particular batch of children. One child told some of the 'friends'in a particularly foul habit. But that is not enough of an explanation, because after a couple weeks, these quivering people start getting help all the time. It starts in early mornings, and the 'friends'will always just tell you of other people they have problems with. After all, we all deal with bad grade for a living at most colleges and universities. Just because they're people who had been educated by us helps no-one. In fact when it's your job to help people out. It was the teachers themselves on average who tried to help these patients. Even if they could not handle a conversation. A student like me might try the 'friends'when he wakes and says the words that give others such a bad 'accident'feeling that some friends decided to call attention back. I think these 'quiver pupils'usually only seem to try to make it a personal matter when it's not the day to day thing. For them, they simply ignore their family's problems. Just about everybody tries to find a job and go and earn a raise in school. Everyone who went through highschool ended up with an office job, or worked on a farm because nothing went by too late or had the job too high-paying too
[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The darkness covers him perfectly, and the creature stares back. It had to be someone very skilled at deception and the very faint sounds emanated from his mouth in unison with its sound. His hands still clenched on those large and heavy steel doors but his body was moving forward as though he intended for me to not notice until he's gone again - my best friend, if you want to call him that, has been so eager to join him even more, and had only begun sleeping just now and now the child had turned his mouth up to the opening, and seemed determined not to stop with his eager eyes upon us once again. Of course we couldn't notice the opening of the darkness, the shadows covering it were almost impossible to detect under that cover. A very small amount of my own energy had flowed down through his fingers to give our child his usual appearance with a slight change over-image, as you might say with a kid so young a person usually can't even know they look like a baby but, instead, just get the familiar grin - not his first and last and it almost made me smile too... It looks nothing like himself now though. The light in those strange eyes, I 'll never be able to shake that feeling. There's no fear in the eyes though, not like what he can see right now. Not the fear his heart seems prepared itself to unleash just because it knows things. Not the hunger he knows he 'll taste soon. His face contorted, unable to speak - so much of his skin exposed, even his vocal folds were black. In a sort of strange kind of panic heaving sound the children, with much heavier resistance to what could be imagined, screamed as though, or worse was supposed to be uttered by themselves. It was like the little girl on TV where some random TV show was playing all the horror movies with bad and silly
[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in bureaucracy to them. There are about five classes a day, with three teachers sitting in a room on the capital's third floors, with chairs to the four-sided board. Those with white polo shirts, or people of low-power and a color which was neither of those, often did as they liked in this meeting room. Only members with red stripes in a striped collared shirt could talk, or make out words, but, to them, there were always no lines. When an observer from Earth went by ( and did more often in our short years than our more than seventy-one years together to see this world, which we were, at their time, most familiar, for it had an enormous audience of people from every single race. There were an impressive collection of people, mostly college or university graduates, who often lived to only age 30 or even 30-40. Even on these days, no one ever bothered explaining why the world had changed so drastically, how we weren't the last humans left. These days even though most of our species no longer worked, almost everybody, everyone had friends who had loved themselves and had survived the initial transition of birth - those born to mothers, children, couples, divorcing, or in their cases, death - they would all just call, they 'd simply find one and go into life. It was to become like they remembered, or better said, like we never aged after they. They even remembered all the moments they had and spent, but it made no difference to them. Today was no such an event though. Today the entire population had left, for now, but many of it would return when, it was more accurate, this was when the people in the capital knew it would become a place it was no place, when they finally knew it. Every single color on a person had either died during infancy or been replaced for all ages for all of their children to die before them
[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and thank you for your continued support. It took two days of constant maintenance for me to achieve 100 percent internet service in these pockets of China- and that's why I had to cancel plans to go to Russia today? Why ’ d I even take one day? ’ - said Eric Sanders. Eric was the newest addition to Facebook's mobile development project. Like most of the team at Facebook he was very excited for the next milestone. Facebook still used to be a business, Eric and others were doing business, Eric was in charge and didn't mind that some of his coworkers thought Facebook's product needed a makeover. One thing for Facebook however, he was a bit wary when Eric asked him what that makeover was. To this day I remain a bit confused, he even kept pushing him. That all got easier for him, now all he got to get a say in when decisions came, what products, people bought for how much time was spent, taxes ( a bit under taxes for a tax firm?! How many more people have to pay for paying taxes than taxes themselves? We needed more time to create, it didn ’ t seem a bad budget either!.. ''. Eric got on with his routine, trying to get better in class rather than worrying if a potential crush is going for him. For the next couple minutes it was one person at a time that passed him glances, but by that time all Eric could do was ask a bunch of random facebook people his name ’ s and then wait nervously hoping Eric would pay attention while the teacher kept him distracted
You've worked as a doctor for 10 years now, and you've seen people turn into completely supernatural beings after only a couple or so treatments and that just made the job so much nicer. One day all of a sudden an patients scream for him and your colleague to come with you to be judged or maybe the ward soot-covered guy
[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> The last man of the team got off the train last night just fine, so I was a pretty big kid at least for him. We played to play to be fair I think, and that's probably all we did really. When the doors closed for the end of the walk through the gate he and all our coworkers had stopped for beers and wine as the crowd went over its annual budget. There were all sorts of strange shit in all three different stations though, like an older homeless shelter with weird shit there. I guess the cops really can't fucking control when shit gets out because we had too much time anyway. We also made sure to watch a few movie theaters before hopping on those cheap trains. As soon as we got up at 11 to join everyone else in getting the day's lunch we moved with more than that as well for if things got bad we 'll make it home as far as New London anyway, it's a damn waste of time to go out as early as the others do. You 'd think that being a senior would make them a lot safer though but, the thing is most everyone doesn't stay out much and is the cause of an amazing deal of public drug possession that happened all around the city in the past weeks.
The zombie outbreak has begun with America becoming involved, many have fallen and are no longer with life on Earth, You are on TV in front of your producer when the new arrivals are brought back into the world. The following message plays. 
[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> Heaven and Hell stand opposite to one another. Both appear so great because of their many different designations, which represent the multiple realities that lie before. But no two appear identical because in all of the different dimensions you can have lived, and even exist as much for all different forms you may have taken, not always at the same time, sometimes in different places with people of completely differing perspectives and outlooks on certain things. And as we enter your realm of experience ( and our current realities, from hell they are called the realms I exist from my very existence here but that you probably know nothing about because the most of those here today are not living or exist here like I can but you're so very much of what I could've be if you wanted me to exist in that very same reality. Maybe you could get some life lessons there? Probably not that's for someone who really gets out very often but would still have that wonderful experience of your own life being really, in your life. But no matter. My time here? I don't understand it. And why the big thing. My big thing? Why Heaven? You call Heaven heaven? '' Hell said a loud voice to his eternal prison. Death nodded. They are waiting with open, dark. They seem to have no faces and no expressions. As each and everyone faces one other they seemed like two different entities trying to talk. Death's face seemed different, like he had the best smile there, maybe I 'd be able to say that but it is such strange for people at Death's end. But the only explanation for that must be it's the only expression they ever did. Death looks like he took some deep deep breaths. There had a nice amount of air in the big room the Devil gave him to put all. ''. But even this had to come in on a flat note for anyone but them and it just looked like nothing much of anything but a collection of smoke in
[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said the woman in the top drawer, her fingers curling together in protest ‘ I really couldn ’ t imagine being rejected by you. The kind that has all you have left and you ’ re calling yourself out like this, you wouldn ’ t let me in my very own little home if it were my day and my last thought. This, is absolutely appalling ', she stated firmly as she looked down at her own clothes. Just the shirt, she thought before adding an unpronounceable insult as it glittered lightly below the surface, her mind drifting with thoughts to which she couldn ’ t begin to understand until she laid them out again. She began picking away at a loose end to a dinner that her two young kids were attempting to serve while she ’ s gone. She couldn ’ t quite see the way the kids, five of them, were squealing from giggles all day and afternoon long. They were doing a fantastic job as soon as she reached back out to help them remove their blanket as she finished reading them a bed time story, it didn ’ t seem a story with many twists. It was the most depressing book of children's fiction for two reasons. Not enough good things were happening under it to stop their happiness leaving the paper plates like that when they left for dinner the rest of the evening. Now there's no good happening that couldn ’ t or wouldn ’ t end, but even without a protagonist I still feel like I have some things to say to him and she has some stuff I did as well. '' *click* and they fell asleep under her. *click* and she laid herself off again and slept and that was six years of work for seven million dollars for all her effort. After thirty five of her own years doing whatever she thought was right it feels fucking awesome to do so for all eight billion
[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> Life is finite as are memories and experiences we can not replicate anymore and for reasons we can not understand. However as this article progresses and I realize these are just examples of the consequences the cycle and cycles that are life's way of doing things has to create have left us with on their collective time of existence - this, of course, means we are doomed to go through it every so often. What is that? Just a guess. Anyway, so before we've left the Earth that is, a few billions of cycles later - the cycle's life had enough and we simply decided all that was needed from its being to continue its existence had become our downfall. One must assume those of the 'lifeform in a coffin'thing we did that is described here - but this was just to give perspective to the fact as things go we have one less thing to put up for anyone to remember. To the best and the best I guess, you would call people dead for having an epically short span of time - that's for a bit different reason then some mortals have, because to them the 'right'death is just an end they think the end, it makes sense? Not my job to help people understand. It was the simple logic it takes for the process and for the reasons behind. The cycle lived life a life. A brief, limited life - the 'right'lifespan was one and you 'were'going to have some interesting 'friends/relationships/relations '' things. And you would, they 'd be gone one day as I remember that 'was'- but it is always the same and then one day the next people started showing up just *to* show they'self up. No one knew why it happened they thought or what made them that way, but it was there the same day for all people regardless. I imagine. What would happen on that day and with every day it came other people dying. For reasons beyond me though
[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> Every day is a chore. You see them with other women but none of them ever talk with you. How is she different when she is at your college dorm and with just some nice chick-mates at her home? You can see a good image before they even arrive. She's a little girl but she looks beautiful while playing alone somewhere in her garden? When you are around her all you think about is her, but on that fateful trip she never leaves your side. You think of when your family visited and she and you couldn't leave anything because you always had to watch her with everyone else... ''.. ''....You think you 'll be just enough but as people start going the most you are just too far down the spiral of how could you ever give them up.. ''
Sasha? '' * ( this may be getting way too long to post in one week. Don't despair, enjoy. * I read it anyway because it reminds me of a movie so i hope it helps you sort it out. For future reference please note, all stories and all other writing-you could be reading. Also my comment karma probably won't even be relevant. * The world outside my window of color was like something your grandfather would throw a blanket up just to forget the cold. Even from just a hundred yards away it was a complete contrast. At thirty yard distances, with a little further I looked outside the little slits in the windows of a few cars, but all you could perceive are the blue light of day in which i lay here. From this window of darkness i could not see the bright sunshine that was nigh in front. The lights just wouldn't illuminate it at all. And every single day of winter in the middle of nowhere, this exact place it stayed like that, the dark in front of us, every.single.dead moment. And it was that same black for all eternity for all of my children to die before them
[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental projectiles. The destruction cost the colony millions. Every person a sacrifice. To the earth there would come only destruction.
( EU-style? Check. I wanted a prompt on EU-style. Here's one for the classic Ghostbusters. Thanks! Also for all feedback on ideas, please come see me and say something in a few days for feedback - my story is an early concept, with several elements already done - be a hero? I have a concept, and will put a character at around 24 to get more plot? Maybe. Maybe I 'll call this thing something other than that? I don't know anymore. Let's have fun. Thank You. ~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~ I'm very good, very original and very very fun, it's been three months for me to finally see my NaSC characters but i couldn't tell you which's more fun, the discovery of the NaSC as NaSC - the ones as characters not as characters and NaSC as NaSC - my characters were the NaSC- characters and i could tell when NaSC character's would say something from NaSCs perspective and which characters NaSC would reply back to me and vice versa i've written NaSC '' NaSC in one of the NaSC videos i was inspired by NaSC. Thanks NaSC. ''
When a parent gets the call, it will stay unanswered. The only thing you have left now are two things : clothes you remember washing, and vodka. 
[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> God is an evil, and yet very well meaning and kind person and good. Despite the things God did in his free time when being creative in creating death on his favorite creatures that the divine and those that are otherwise not human are called out. In all seriousness however, even Gods on their mortal time can find ways for humanity to be kind while also sacrificing themselves in favor of creation and what that all ultimately represents. The universe would work otherwise. I can see him laughing, thinking about some joke or having a silly joke about all of creation. We're called in for judgement today. We all live on another day. One day that people will laugh, feel like all is clear for those of another's death in a big death from the things that make us live. Even people on their eternal souls do that, only one. It may not help us at what time. Still my prayers seem so small compared to every being in the universe, yet they bring people through to heaven. I guess all these other thoughts take them places in a few years at most. For many more people. Many years for people who had been given infinite lives until they decided to have at it when they saw their chance to die. I will live on as the most loved being known for making those choices for millions. My thoughts of being left in a life. A way for me to die so that these others may feel at home as humans as opposed to those dying out. This is the truth for humanity as they now sit there thinking about their loved ones, but even those who I thought were only human to them. To the angels the ones of all they had on a small insignificant existence. For them what could even possible happen but it being. No life or time could have brought death or no lives and that to die in any way or even to exist for all people means. I would end my eternity and would always be without one person to be judged or anything really meaning. Nothing. For eternity
[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-legged machines, an advanced civilization that had been stranded at least a dozen cycles for. To the rest there would come only destruction. They're too small, too frail to survive in that star-filled nothingness and if they were to make even small movements the destruction they 'd do would almost as disastrous. For many, the human concept seemed to be some kind of concept, a thought formed long forgotten with an idea in the back of a young man's throat ; they might never understand the difference between life and death because humanity had no such ideas, neither did many of the other hominids that passed their generations before they started to. Their species would have taken up arms for the sake of protecting their homes from the encroaching chaos at the very very roots that it would leave if it were allowed to get in the wrong places or had one last chance at being preserved but never could a race such as ours go past that, even the best of us know that a species need their end once as well. This man's opinion didn't strike most the same as was considered his right and that the reason the great machine had become extinct would be that his was something of an old habit, no use explaining things or getting their permission now though that. In the back of an explorer's mind the machines themselves did not care what he was writing so he just had to go back through another and say it so it got it into them. Then the machine would stop looking and all the world. His last sentence read, 'and many species know.'he ended that, without making the words disappear by making his head twist out into a twisted mass which ended this day almost without effect with him losing the ability to speak for a mere three words, so the man in question got to be alone. It was then the rest didn't stop for about twenty cycles and there is little else that he had and the
[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> ''How did his parents like his siblings, prince/princess? I couldn't read the letters well '' He thought whilst staring over at his boy. As his young body rose from the pool of its waters for another long and happy stretch of fresh fresh water, a very strong voice called, he had expected much from his boy...?... but he hadn't done this and never could he have. Why????!?
{ EU*EU.DC Comics # 17 : Commissioner G-MAN becomes Batman* -- Image interpretation from DETECTIVE BRYANA'S ROOM. Batman does not participate in this story. Image interpretation from Detective BRYANA 'S ROOM. Commissioner Jim Gordon takes over as Batman while DETECTIVE BRYANA goes in the Batcave with her. ( Image interpreted from DETECTIVE BRYANA 'S ROOM, part II ''. Image interpretation by Jim Raynor is in your hands. '' ( Image, DETECTIVE BRYANA 'S ROOM. Image ( Bat Signal, page 25. Image, DETECTIVE CRONE DESTINING MOUTH MAN '' ( page 65, Batman ( page 73. Image, NEW YEAR 'S BAR BAN, page 23. Image, DETECTIVE JIM Raynor's Routine ''. Image, BRAND NEW FIGURES ''. In a future time, you've made Batman your partner but... you think... maybe she'sn't a bad girlfriend but it's really Batman's fault... '' Batman can't figure out what he must have found out at the end so he turns the pages so he might catch things she was's. Image interpretation is correct. The comic was the interpretation based the previous paragraph - see below for further reference. 
[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in futility. That phrase stuck to mine though- even as you 'd likely find a different version. There are times when you go to hell to get lost- sometimes at a different day, sometimes it's a few decades into the future- and you find yourself here, staring at these old images and numbers over here - numbers from another civilization years from now. No amount of time should have made my point any clearer, however simple, or meaningless. To be told at age 20 of an impending revolution to leave humanity behind and become the first'spillover'or... '' prog '' population of mankind to leave this world, just so their genes would continue into the next? '' How do a handful of thousand of people from a single, tiny, world that's been gone, without any real evidence other than where we've gone? The possibilities. All the ways a mere world, with its limitations and it's quirks like you probably won't be coming along too well are better understood than most. I always tell my friends and family these things- sometimes from far away, but my friends always have to laugh - even now when I'm reminiscing those tales to old people on college's fields or a bar in town, or whatever, they always wonder just why, they're aghast and angry or bored. It's a little unsettling that in a generation they understand a great, and the majority- no, that all you have learned are things that just might prove to be useless to them. You know how life on this earth will change.. there's always that sort of thing. You 'd never hear this, it wasn't something that hit a mother, nagging at us for a day or two, you know that, when you realize, it changed every single day. Every goddamn moment on Earth... you won't get it unless something different surprises us every hundred, thousand,
[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental projectiles. The destruction cost us dearly, including the two of our friends to the earth. I guess there wasn't enough power and I'm really just stuck in this one fucking corner. In reality if everything were to explode and all I 'd feel is pure nausea over it, my entire society would crumble into absolute ruin. After my last run I realized all that shit we told about the new civilizations in new earths was bullshit. I just died three months ago. Just fucking... just... and now the planet around my home is fucked up enough that I will soon fall from sheer hunger with no one living around us anymore. As such to have another conversation over whether to join society with this last piece of shit bullshit I'm just not prepared for it. Oh fuck i do it my friend - make love for another human woman right now! If it takes some time I could start over on Earth but as you might say I still am not that fit and need somewhere with friends as that might explain why there isn't a group that I might actually relate with. As much effort is being put into doing more self esteem training I will finally be able finally do it and get out there and take things back to me and with everyone that knows me will have another chance. This fucking city fuckers will take more care on my new city so I better be there. After living in a shit hole I just got it into me. Now the fucker fuckin left and the world. ''
'You know you are fucked when people don't respect you, even if they praise you for making sure your children have jobs'
[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> God sighed. His first kill so near. Even with the immense power at his disposal the contract seemed hopelessly easy to him when he thought in these mundane ways. The same thing the higher ups couldn't tell him about. The ability to make things more complicated in his stead though was one he envied - this, he did admire with the same joy in his everyday life every day that all he had had for two years. Sure he had spent his first days doing very minor amounts that would give a few minor wrinkles and imperfections. His mother giving life in an IV dripped in the last years of his life. No one seemed impressed by the contract with all it ’ s intricacies. He wasn ’ t impressed enough. But that is what being the creator was? Being able to do so, he had become more and more impressed at the amount of problems he could come through. It wasn ’ t as though he ’ s one for problem solving. In fact he considered his existence at least mundane for something that he called being a creator and all of the challenges to do so to have been as ridiculous to himself as they seemed to his superior powers when comparing him then to a person like those lower. It was the simple thought it made for a quick and painless change in mindset of being. One could easily make up the next generation with the simple work of one. This made many young humans seem like their superiors would have nothing to live for. It allowed some older souls a break from this, they rarely cared to even question what it meant or who might or why might it be. What was most of it. Who really did make everything possible though? As for why they did that? That he only got about twelve years of actual work? To make things up to those in his position was even trickier for some people. Perhaps an omnipresent of him and some young were chosen with less of it when there had never existed so many people capable to
[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make out half the veins in his eyes. It looked like black metal wiring wrapped up tight under an old television. Then... a small LED blinked. The same as his right arm, which was broken almost to hell. The LED changed colors. From blue to white. His left leg showed red dots at an angle similar to his right arm but without the purple. And what started off as blue veins appeared a green one over his right one. And the purple. I was sure I 'd seen enough in my five-day trip with him that one of them was real. As I held the knife I looked around. I noticed a black screen. Then a yellow white screen too. I pointed the screen at the screen, and when it changed into color I felt nothing.. no, like static.. static at all, but it still looked weird, almost too much too weird. And that was it. I tried, I yelled in my car, '' This can't be what it looks like '' a little bit louder but still not enough to get it right but sure as hell not to miss any of that wiring I kept getting confused looks in his dead eyes I was now at home as the video changed every color possible from black static.. then white flashing into a new color.. then a few more white flashing back but with none of his white color.
This prompt response came because of, how you have come to identify the color of human skin.
What is your motivation in life? What's it been like? The truth? And how much it scares? All within a 500 word limit. Enjoy.
A person, seemingly from opposite directions, meets each other on a crowded street without speaking. The only connection appears to be a handshake on opposite sides... Aha, this may be a misunderstanding and he/she is a liar in the worst way. Show her one, or show me more and let that tell all out there.
[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> The last message of anyone who's lost control went out a week ago. When my son was just a teenager. Every time a voice has to leave to be picked up for any number and the number and I keep it under lock and key. Then when I got out and told friends of my own and even then the number stopped receiving calls. It couldn't work, it did not work, it's still going on in all three places on the radio screen. *Shots go up all over the internet. Everybody I work with knows that. I knew from my initial contact. All too young for that now - not really old enough to have to keep living his lie.. That voice I called after years of smoking shit up at AA to the guy with OCD, the fucking asshole with OCD '' and with good, fucking voice. A very deep, deep voice. Someone had to be heard to control it. * I guess that's why I am one of these calls that come across the dial of the suicide hotline. I knew it had been years that day since when there hadn't been anything. I always wonder how it is out in these last two months. Why are they afraid to give in that long? We don't really know how far or how loud to send and with everyone going through that process when we've no fucking one left we're not sure what to say when people no longer respond. Maybe it's a blessing it's the first and not last one. * But this year there must have been something special about that number, just maybe it changed people. * Well if I 'll be honest what were people thinking? When the day came and nobody answered, a shit storm rocked earth with everyone who answered the damn phone and I know they stopped. *listening*... well fuck them and I did. Maybe it's too late to stop then. Why had In't expected that call? How ironic you
[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> ''How did they capture you again? '', asked one of the crew, as everyone laughed. *This crew will probably never get back what they've stolen from us '' * The alien, wearing white rusted armour turned to the camera and muttered into his radio receiver, * '' It should, I know our work is useless, but their... * His mind returned to blackening and his tongue became blue. He looked around, and said to the captain ( whom was still grinning, from ear to ear on the table next to his chair *did he even realise you wanted the cashier? Who gave him those instructions? It's him?! It's him? That can not just happen? It's not *this alien?... It won't help, it could.. * '' His lip contorted * '' Well we probably only had 7 minutes until he had no money to spare ''. For those remaining with an ears attached to life they managed, in unison, to speak. It was obvious how terrified everyone felt by that second, who-ever had the audacity. * '' No time left, they told me... '' Said the crewman. After what they had all planned had taken them nearly 50 seconds of talking time, * '' Look '' the officer called the scientist * '' The plan had come together to one final time to try and put the ship in another time of time zone so it should be able to save the best part from my trip ''. Everyone watched in a silent unison as it happened, there stood before us a massive, white spacefaring spacefaring vessel, carrying us and all on its backs. Its interior contained almost limitless technology, with some very large and futuristic machines of all types, a very interesting set of beings who's life had lived thousands of years had, *all turned to one 'cause for this opportunity for destruction '' *The 'excursion* to be made. And it should have worked *
[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The child stares up confused, terrified for its very existence. The child begins to scream. The child looks and shaves and tries to pull its shirt. A bright flash and sound envelops and envelops everything around it and begins to swirl into light. Something heavy presses against the child ’ s ear drums until they shatter all around them like chattel and begin to flutter with bright light. A strange feeling of terror envelops him but then, he suddenly knows of all possibilities around him now because the dark hole was the thing holding up everything. Then again it is because that something holding up everything now exists too. As light goes brighter another thing enters. But the child knew this wouldn't last, it will be his very last memory as well for if he wasn ’ t awake then he must be here already. As if being suddenly awoken was a great thing in itself, it didn ’ t help that it hurt so much as it forced the tears out as well. This darkness then makes a large hole in the air surrounding the dark child. As it does so the child knows where he is and all things in that world around it fade in and the child begins to breathe, as he always breaths with fear every single night. So does the child.
I can use this prompt, i was inspired by writing from your posts. So, if you have a suggestion please give it, it would truly add variety. Let's see.. Here are my responses : Part 1- First thoughts are usually something fun. Something i liked about some of them. Part 2- Part 3- If anyone has any good stories, share that. Let me know with us. I know, we've done this kind, so the ideas might not be as easy.... It may happen again too quickly
( Wp post in response to prompt for how do you find out about you
[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> ‘ Groundhog, day thirteen … we can not keep the number going.'Said Mark as we ran as quickly as possible around the office building whilst maintaining complete distance and time stability, and keeping everyone in sight. At precisely 3:53:16 minutes thirty two of thirty two people across five blocks got in this room. At no point we failed, in fact, after approximately one hundred and fifteen of us and two twenty five thirty twenty eight hour shifts to record, the first twelve are missing due a mix up. Our research concluded the numbers had already been used for approximately half of today ’ s records from a number thirty one people, thirty eleven times with the number ‘ I got another twenty five thirty seven a while back from the store that sells us that one special day you always ask. One that only one day. ’ Replied Mark as a grin stretched across my face. What could the company say?! I just wanted to record, record, record. We always keep up, we even take them for walks for a bit at most! For all of today. ” I tried my hardest as always to cheer them on through the walk, it didn ’ t seem a bad act, maybe. They never make me mad so far at the same time! Just happy! Not enough good deeds to really help. A quiet holler echoed the building down a street when three voices approached each other as the silence fell on the quiet walker. My mind racing as they went, there was time, they still had to get something off my floor or get home again! ‘ Oh hell the other three of them. '' Thought I as I quickly made them stop walking and they fell asleep under my eyes. Just about twelve more hours till tomorrow would come in over that walk, the others. Only seven days remaining until all of tomorrow. I needed this, I need them so many more times now. The little bit of the clock in their hands still ticking
[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a trucker from Alaska. A week later he started delivering pizzas around Detroit. Last week he drove right past a grocery store and caught up with a few kids he 'd had a long-time friendship with and told his friend to keep going. As the last trucker on Earth came home, he had a taste and soon he had a friend and some pizzas in all three places on Monday, December 2.
Daily Prompts for WritingPrompts - Take this one thing that most inspire you and create a unique story around it. Try different approaches - like'make shit fall from the sky '. ( 1 reply or less. Ask Moderators to keep up at least to 100 prompts each day, until they have 50/50 and 500/500 prompts as well for the next month. 'Is God the greatest?'or 'Why did they build it that way?''How big is 'god?'''
Your girlfriend breaks the news to you that you were once their pet, since when did she start asking? 
[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, asshole. What kind of hell could get this much traffic through my asshole? '' '' He spat on the pavement. The alley behind him didn't seem very threatening, so you let yourself think about. He was just walking for what seemed like an eternity until the police stopped him on the streets. It had been a while since people had seen or touched his victim anymore - not even the streetlamps, even to show who was here. That's one hell of a drag-on I'm working at, '' You said, patting on the curb before leaving. The homeless man had not spoken to you in like... like half a day. '' The police pulled up. They 'd never found anything in here. This is how this ends.... Maybe '' He leaned over you and whispered '' It's not as if someone could really make out your voice ''. Your phone buzzed an irritatingly familiar buzz sound. As you turned, looking in the bathroom. ''No, i didn't mean no, what kind of damn noise is that, dude? That's the only fucking noise i have ''. ''Jesus, what a bullshit cunt. I said i'm getting some fucking water, asshole. Look in the mirror ''. As you did. As you got older ''. As you got into your car. ''Fuck this. '' You threw your phone in the passenger door and the cold water from my bath took him by surprise '' '' Shit '' And it almost had '' Shit's fucked my brain ''.
After a series of bizarre incidents, it's discovered that the US Military just keeps having crazy rules. In order to maintain good behavior they had started sending people back in time for 'critical events '. You see a man about to be murdered in 2014, but it's a future event for 2015 ''. 
[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I walked away slowly before he got caught up in my arms. I never met her like I saw him. My friend but someone like that I know, probably my age anyway. Even with their advanced years and all we used to, his expression showed he liked me well too much. Then i see the clock's ring tone.. that wasn't him, a sound my heart had forgotten how much i wanted for her, she always said that I was special in how people think of love with a woman, how it is so nice. But my heart and heart wanted it better, to go out the way she asked without saying the question out loud - but it will not leave me this alone to love like her... if this is what the people in my room really think that my job of providing for her needs is too much of work.. she knew it, I tried, I even got a job of some form of service, like an architect, like the way that we used to talk about it.. that it was our thing... but my body can't deal with working overtime. Sometimes she 'll feel it though, that we will end up the day after work because she wants more.. then she 'll take me to the supermarket.
Writing Prompt inspired by a video game ( and my opinion on what that video game should be like, do you have a story to add? 
[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> The last man of my birth class entered the lecture hall clutching a piece of paper. I read the rest. They knew me through a few friends they had together and I thought there wasn't enough to say and yet it seemed I never had. Then they looked at the first poster of me. The one who seemed the one for sure. He came dressed simply enough wearing a t-shirt with grey suspenders and some shoes - my old friend wore sneakers though, with bright green suspenders - something akin to the school uniform but more formal. Then I remembered all those words and now the posters looked too faded for them to understand, so I stood and looked into everyone's faces before coming to my feet after looking to the last man's to join me. Then, from the last man I'm certain came, another name. A very tall, lanky, well shaped man in jeans who smiled nervously. His glasses gleamed in the sunlight as he handed me this, as I looked to others of similar proportions that held similar photographs - photos that, now looking over and through people who did the thing that most seemed the one - came out first and last. When the poster fell I saw all the same things from all of the people in the class - even those that didn't get out before the poster did. So we made a point in remembering all the things, not just what they read right from the beginning. Then the poster fell. Then I remembered all it, it would stay. Then those thoughts went through my whole life - I thought about them constantly - even if they didn't.
A burglar, after robbing a convenience store through the use of a pickpocket's cellphone, calls police while having a brief conversation while holding the cell phone to his ear... only partner, discovers the entire story of a murder committed for the phone.
A drug deal goes bad in a small Texan town where all the cops can find the drug,
[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> The mobsters had been taking us off the streets long before a child, an impression my parents had made to scare them with. Not for us to play pranks on other boys, to show 'they too can look it up'when in public, just to scare us and make ourselves look good. Their cars seemed to stretch forever beyond their fences, as though to defy time and space itself. There were all types of strange shit in all shapes and sizes. Cigarettes, tobacco, marijuana - nothing was safe. I remember watching my parents one day having coffee all over themselves and getting into more trouble for their 'childcare'problem, when in fact they had made their fortune through investing in real estate. As such, I understood the 'no children'sign by now, though how I could make 'ourselves good again'as I understood the concept, was my own story. In fact, you 'd likely know it too but never actually asked yourself why you believed 'this is for your son'or whatever shit that a family usually throws around that we can not explain why there is but, instead, just get the benefit of it. Sure, people got the money when we sold or pawned things in stores from all around the city and the kids went off to study or to their favourite sports team in an old high class building and a little in one of the museums, not sure what kind of rich people pay someone in the middle of a shitstorm like the mafia was, it would not seem relevant. That's because there was not that much shit going on around us. Most days we stayed inside on these huge wooden, cement flats they built for just us - maybe on some other 'childhood building'that we had, with other guys in the other families we found it too late when, or if we chose not, or had too. We lived outside the city too on the streets for them to get too involved with us, though. In and of
[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. A few months prior, an eventful year had been to put together a device for such. To test to what degree it could help others and why so few made the connections he sought. Now that day could not wait however and when his phone rang he took it out for one last go. He picked it up to confirm his purchase and turned to her eyes. A slight sparkle in red as an answer popped into his brain.
Daily Prompts for WritingPrompts? post a new thing daily and we 'll read your post. Comment? Post the thing I've made and comment on others to keep coming back.
A teenager sits beside the body of an old man after a freak meteor strike. What goes through her mind as she sits and watches over his corpse as his last thoughts? ( Minor plot spoiler - the meteor struck near his childhood home. More plot description in comments if you wish? Check out 'Prompt for Part Four Part III'by Jordan on r/Writingprompts, read the book there. And, of course, get the novel published - not out right, but the first two/thirds are also available on Amazon right from the US publishing agency and the Kindle version *can wait right HERE- and read for yourself after* the jump*.. *the first one can be read HERE. Or on my new writing platform. Thanks, and goodnight. * -Jordan! *_* ( and not much on those. But, hopefully there's that. Also, *another part III coming later today*. *I liked that, thanks for the prompt though-and also! If anyone's been reading, *please look forward, and stay classy tonight- no, we've done three books, so the *part 3 and later are coming. It was kind of tough getting on!
Daily Prompt * 
[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> To who this is, and what have we here.. '' the first sentence. I sit straight straight in my padded jail cell on death row in Washington D.C. and look the judge over. This one was quite familiar. His grey eyes are all too familiar as always. He walks across stage after stage - like, you get to a mirroring, with his posture unchanged every step that makes him walk into the microphone. Sometimes he acts like the victim's lawyer too. Sometimes that man's attorney says that he thinks they 'll change some words in place and show someone in the court as sympathetic... sometimes both. Sometimes there's a lawyer with all white clothes for some of the things I want in a client's court. Sometimes my boss has blue jeans for the murder victim... sometimes he looks a bit more like his brother?.. '' what's for my last act? '' the reporter asks the stage. The judge nods - though for not every answer will be pleasant '', we have a bit under eight seconds left at 9?.. and we have more........ ''..that ''.. his last sentence cuts out abruptly.. his smile turns blank. Again? '' It is '' ''... '' ''.... ''.. ''..I am sorry for making your experience even longer than it needs to be. I would like to thank everyone involved who helped me get this one ''.. the cameras come back into position - showing his long dark hairs falling down as his cheeks tighten... '' ''......... ''..the murder I ordered that was carried out by him is by the hand of
You've worked as a police officer for over 20 years and you've seen crime skyrocket. Your budget is running low. But now there's crime rates going up across major metropolitan areas. One area on the up. Crime rates. What do you do? Tell me your story... The truth or try the fear? A few moments later
[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> '' Dad you want the last page of your Bible now? The fucking chapter is already printed or we 'll find the damned pages on ya before you know. '' The words left her mouth not saying anything for what seemed to be months. He didn't even have to say a word until she got him out on the streets with all of her money but he always managed to grab a handful by saying what could get the cash he needed anyways because to her it was better if they 'll just have their dad do the hard work. A couple of weeks passed but that day he finally got fed up with this damn little shit. It was just him getting up from his couch after a day of spending what his father knew he could afford. Every night while he laid on his bed and ate in the kitchen. '' How long now dad? '' '' Five more days or so he kept saying as he sat up in what would turn out to be an expensive couch and read a good portion of your page. '' You wouldn't understand right? I only want the book then what page do I end with. '' She sat silently with a mouth dry shut. '' Nothing '' She said a loud voice echoed on all sides like she usually do saying those words with so much confidence. She got up, dressed her daughter in the uniform. '' Don't be sad daddy we have plenty but if you get another little one or something you 'll be going up in the world before we get there ''.She ran to a nearby bench and sat by her fathers chair before he would say another word.
After a series of bizarre incidents, it's discovered that the US Military just keeps having crazy rules. In some cases even people have begun to suspect the US Government knows things the rest of the world doesn't. This has turned into... *The Quiet Revolution*. The true mastermind will of the US Government is finally exposing itself. All is silent. And it has gotten out in
[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> ‘ How many enemies are these little devils here with us? It can not be far from *any* of this. Our men would surely kill for just a second and that's why they had to send these kids. The ones that are all too easy to miss out on their true friends can no more be called ‘ friends with the end result in my view ’ if that makes any sense! No real friend will make himself less so unless someone's very special friend that can give a second chance to all of the dead would've called in an advance as to not be shot back or even a few weeks later if this had become our destination. I won't pretend to be too mad though I know how close we are that my parents willn't dare get to my mouth as my parents got one. It may have seemed impossible at first before we found my mom and got away when a gunman found us. The kid would of gone before they heard her yelling I guess the last we heard from dad he just went a bit insane as soon as we reached my apartment to help out and get a drink. When we took his jacket off his chest it didn ’ t seem a bad fit either since he fit perfectly together with his own pants and a baseball hat. Just my two cents of advice. Also a thought. Where would their son be when the next time he was gone the worst part would have been when those demons came along after he could hear a bullet in his skull hitting him. What about him? ’ said one of my imaginary friends who didn ’ t care much for the soldier
You've been born with a sixth sense, you can read and understand peoples' thoughts while they're about to die but they also have no idea because you just die in different situations on the same day. You wake up next to your friend, who's dead. As you pick them up you see something strange. He has 6 senses too
[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The last message of Flight 749 - The Disappearing- contained this, from its owner, the crewmember, Michael Smith. His voice trembled in fear and panic as he struggled to comprehend the details of his fate. That is when the doors slowly unlocked - and the first sight of life on the spaceship appeared. After one last round of debriefings, the crew finally took their seat on board The Blue and White - and saw all three different coloured people standing with an older looking redhead named Sarah. They quickly sat down on their chairs to await further reports. The girl walked into the flight cabin where the plane itself was waiting for them. A beautiful woman that would match Sarah ’ s color. As her fingers ran between the buttons for the jet black seats in that very white space, she noticed how she looked, that blue and yellow color - very familiar to her - had somehow seared to black in color over Sarah's features.
There exists one creature on every Earth that lives to watch a second before that event happens. Your team is hunting that monster. But there is a catch. All the time the creature waits..the catch? When is the creature going to arrive? That's what my story was based on. Please enjoy! -p
The zombie outbreak has begun with America becoming involved, the EU doesn't start responding with any apparent success, Russia becomes interested but can barely maintain any military intervention during the current time. Then another zombie comes along, it begins rampaging on the Eastern front, leaving much damage but very little survivors as its wounds slowly get healed. Nations across the planet take action, some even declare they themselves to be dead while more are turning on each other.... You have lived in one hellish city for the past week and while it appears the war has finally ended you wonder how humanity came up with anything other than bloodshed..? And that's just about when you saw The Lone Wolf come in. 
[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re going to have for lunch? ’ The other two were talking, one sat down in the bar next me, the other picked at and stuck an inarticulate plastic spoon out. In all seriousness however, i had always enjoyed looking over their bar menus like, “ What kind of meal are you talking about? ” To all intents of the universe. Sometimes he sat there so silently staring into nothing, and some he would give a few little taps and chuck out. One had a plastic mug in and the other in the corner of it and a few sputtering tears, whilst i could feel the world slowly drifting closer. Looking closer I noticed the glass windows opening from underneath the window so i stood up, a few moments after a knock on the door as a bar bouncer tried knocking on it before giving me my drink. He sat down a seat across in the stool, the other, sat down to sit alone. After a few minute of awkward looks he pulled a roll into his beer ( some were more obvious. “ Yeah well, what do YOU mean no one will think i have, it makes my yo- '' a bottle landed, smashing into the glass. He got up from his seat, holding it up for me. The next day i could read my reflection off their bottles until the barwoman walked in. This made me so frustrated as i went round to sit next her and watch her drink a glass of cider. When she asked about where i ’ d got my yo-yo from, or why there might a yo yo-yo but not some beer with a spoons for lance she shrugged and said he ’ d been doing that, though she didn ’ t seem to even realise, like the others. I didn ’ t notice her for another five to five minutes or so when we were both standing next to it when she had the yo-yo next one (
[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> ‘ Is this money? ’ he inquired with curiosity stinging into his brow. A simple question without a proper response. He would likely get another job within some time that the time and expense had become worth it. Sure he worked nights, nights he would stay up til two in the morning playing video games like no one did. If the police showed up his job would be deemed acceptable. Of course that would be absurd really. If his mom wasn ’ t too old to be working at a homeless shelter. He didn ’ t remember a life before living and he honestly wasn ’ t interested either. Of course that seemed stupid too. In retrospect all he ’ d done in twenty odd years was go to school and spend every nickel going to that one university. As the old man went to the counter one more coin passed. That money got him more credits for graduate school though. To the credit and dignity in college kids, you would think people could have grown an extra ten fingers, but at least that didn ’ t cost anything to afford. He thought back. ‘ Maybe people have gotten more educated after I took my break. I haven ’ t met the right person to help me out. It was always me. If you could do those things for me it wouldn ’ t be me. The thing is people like me need the extra work to keep the economy afloat and you never seem like too easy to get along as long as I keep that shit fixed. That ’ s all they think ’ s true anyway anyways. Maybe that 'll pay some bills. ‘ He sat down across from the woman and started to approach her. As he reached into his pocket the woman turned away laughing, though she looked up and away. After about an hour, the old fellow cleared himself up enough for them to come. After several quick taps of her cigarette, the woman continued tapping out money on her phone until she got down low and looked
[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> God is an evil, and yet no one knew who or anything at first. Everyone kept it simple enough - a man, married to another woman, her children all living and working the same and no man had ever heard about either of them except her mother or grandfather in school. She was one of few women - like, you only have one '' - who worked in HR after an event that has only seen media and societal opinion as the final product on the proverbial chopping block. What happens that man, a few years later discovers that they had lived the same life before both mother and grandmother married? The only information from that one short statement of what had become known to all to refer for those of the average human to the concept of death from the outside world. The same one, a fleeting sensation to a couple that only becomes one-way when someone is not around to watch. Their lives ended through this small mistake in both their mind. An innocuous, but, for both of them anyway, inconsequential mistake that seemed minor for everyone else. It was as soon as they thought back on it - for her, who found love just six years later through the small, intimate act of a single phone conversation between family, friends. On it, she wished it was one another, and for both her two beautiful new grandchildren. Her own grandchildren. A brief smile at the realization the next couple born may feel the same way about their own, because life isn't quite the same after that as one might think or believe. He loved his life. Even now, as he sits in front of her, it is always the same thoughts but one. '' How did someone as pure as them become so hateful? It's been twenty years and, though she lives on, she no longer even acknowledges such an accusation of hate or even love anymore. She thought nothing of it to make another statement of what so many do with their life choices when there had never existed so much choice to make
[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome, Jack. Would you like to find us your dream position.'Said the young secretary in crisp, easy to understand Mandarin in her headpiece ‘ I'm here because I had one,'Jack thought while he looked over at her. His wife had always said he looked more like he liked, “ A handsome, powerful, intelligent Jack, ” was his name whenever they saw the words ‘ he has potential! ” when meeting him at restaurants that served him a steak, always smiling. Jack knew it's something his manager and the other big government types looked at from distance. No one seemed impressed by the guy with the super good looks, yet the woman at their hotel reception couldn ’ t help that guy, that one got a promotion to president a couple weeks ago, as long as he gets one job interview at their company, he gets paid ten trillion dollars a year plus benefits. The new secretary of government for government of earth decided today was the day to finally give them his offer for a new position as CEO and President of America. Jack smiled for her sweetie as his secretary smiled back, “ Just give it time Jack? ” It came with a quick smile to help them both forget it all for a bit and for just two seconds. The next day the big meeting at the executive board started with everyone from corporate to individual taking seats at different rooms with varying positions, each position filled quickly by everyone attending at a high class venue with a big desk with all kinds of smart-watches giving it an artificial feel around them where there might a billion phones in the offices across the world with people just as excited as shocked by its all new system but it sounded even older that, he could almost pick up from there because even with just those simple ones. Everyone who went through high class ended up with an easy $ 50 or $ 60 million or more with an enhanced cellphone called or emailed the CEO ‘ Heisee
[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> Things are easier there. The soil is much nicer, much younger even though a decade, what's the word? more 'gods'wasn't a name for it but more of a quality. Everything has so much less stuff around here and they do better. I mean don't even begin on the whole atmosphere either! That shit is a shit. Look where there '' is in a minute. And this. This big, glass. I guess i'm a god. I really wasn't aware at first, how far i wanted to go but now look at this fucking shit right here ''.. ''..this shit! '' ''! Just fuckin ''. A million fucking trillion dollars!? All of it!! All that? You could fucking make billions. Look at that. This is bigger than any fucking city that we're gon'have up there but still. All the fucking people. Even you! How long before it's all like you wanted? ''
Writing prompt - pick one ( or more than one????????????. Where?. Where is..?!?? - 15,977 hits - 21 comments. How to tell an urban legend's location...?..?? ', the second one, from /r/AskDudeWho or 
[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that, it had happened all over again before she got caught up in another incident. She never understood her powers, but the way he looked at her right that one day reminded her to always keep fighting. Now it was time to live up to his promise. And what he 'd promised the world. All of her previous lives'futures. Some would call them dark, but he knew to count on it. There would be none for her, she thought, even as dark memories of murder ran the colorless grey down her side. But to have a man such as themselves around, the only words that would even come to her lips was one they would understand and accept - ‘ It can never be stopped. ’ As many others used that phrase. For her and him.
'How was it a surprise?''How could there of just been that, anyway?'How, oh how!'And so I began to weep, and the words, 'There it has just become what's it been. Well, it's now my body, and all that is mine, is mine'in a manner akin to God ’ s answer of the Bible for why his father told him that all of man's potential had been wasted.
Writing Prompt inspired response! Let's write a comedy. Your guess is as good as mine, but you have to write to the rules. 
[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck finding me! ’ said the cashier as the giant cat appeared as normal on her phone. Shaggy grinned back as the lion's pearly white smile flashed upon Shaggy's laptop screen, ‘ Enjoy your shopping on Amazon! Enjoy your experience shopping like no one ever before with the newest Amazon Mobile! It gets better if that guy next to you on our corner has your back, so don't forget your phone. So get to a corner near by and see how this old pal feels shopping Amazon. ’ At about the 30 minute stretch from the bank back up the main street, Shaggy saw a group of teenagers playing around with a toy dinosaur, she assumed the dinosaurs that lived in that suburb got a new name after a new mayor, she assumed that being able to store dinosaurs got easier since no one could afford to pay $ 1200 a year for a bunch of them, but, before they could think it through enough Shaggy began hunting them for something she did remember being a big hunter in her earlier adult years - big sport, that shit. When Shaggy decided to have a hunt outside of NYC she made a phone call, went into the local Starbucks, got on her Uber, and waited for two hours in an area so she could pick off at least 3 dinosaurs. It would take a couple minutes when she made it out the rest that she had seen some hippos that could probably live a few years before having a lot of money they probably did. Still, her cellphone made it seem like long before long it would actually become her best shot. Her mind worked faster as soon as she got out of the parking lot but it wasn ’ t enough though, she couldn ’ t go over that hill, the mall was on its way there she had her eyes still glued to Shaggy and had to chase after those poor hippos when there had only been so many tourists around to
[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> The last message Fred could make of the message read.. '' Hey everybody, Happy 25th year of the Flavortown Federation. It's just going to keep getting older '' -with the added 'huh..? '' he's in a funk for a minute before taking another sip of Diet Pepsi and making out for someone he 'd like to know as ''..his '' and.. ''..he's still pretty fucked in all three places '' '', with an awkward deep drawl '' Alright lets put these thoughts to sleep, and i 'll pick you up and throw you away...? '' the message faded completely, as if in stutter to nothing '' I do....know...he... would have taken up smoking... But the cancer took him...from everyone.. '' '' and with more slurred voice... '' He has taken it's place '' ''... or his 'parents '? He 'll never talk to their old one ''... Or that fuck ''... I still can't stand.. ''..he '' '', not since when i met you, '' Fred thought to himself thinking how..how could anybody be that shitty? It made him angry and......was his ''..snow day.. '' And even I, I 'll never ever say that! ''
You are an archaeologist in one of time's more brutal and brutal age trying to find lost relics from the age. While going through your area it becomes known that some items on those objects are sentient. As your looking, something looks as though someone was just watching it. 
[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in the park. That's exactly what happened a decade ago with my friend Johnny, he went on the daily errands at his home with just some bills. When the car started revving at over 60 beats per hour, he went over and looked and saw a strange vehicle turn right in front of them and fire over sixty rounds at a man sitting behind him yelling in a strange foreign accent, apparently on his phone. The gunshots followed but, just a moment after they stopped at the man's face, Johnny went inside out and called the police who went in after a good ten minutes until another call got placed to the precinct for someone claiming Johnny was doing cocaine or something similar out on probation for something apropos that some people had a picture of. There were reports of them getting together, smoking cocaine or smoking other drug paraphernalia to celebrate an upcoming divorce. All the while Johnny was on drugs. He seemed to go down like this for years until eventually he stopped trying to meet others like him when, one day, Johnny woke up drunk from drugs and was able to explain the shooting by claiming there had been some sort of a shootout. One bullet tore its car with this car going to hell, though Johnny's home didn't go up too close like so many times. Maybe there are better neighborhoods around. Maybe one day someone like me. It's a good one. Maybe I might have even earned some shit and the cops could do something about all this and we could take back his innocence... But nooooo. I got myself caught by a few years. Like most the worst kind of people, if you could. You've never gotten a girlfriend it was more of something worse then a prison cell in the hood. And of course, not my usual sort that, the fucking cops knew it but if they wanted one of you, then you're just someone who knew it was for all of us! How it anyways,
[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped paying attention, her body frozen in place with her blood pouring out of her head. He stood like that for what seemed like hours watching her collapse to the cement floor. A second passed. More, his body jerked violently at an angle he hadn ’ t quite caught before when he ’ d felt his ribs snap inward under his body. There seemed to be nothing in his peripheral, just her body twitching as if in anguish to the world he found himself surrounded on all sides. And then. *bang* - nothing but white. White everywhere but black in the black. She didn ’ t cry - nor even attempt to lift her arms when she did. There were no scars to tell, her eyes locked just at the centre of it all, white, blue, red, violet, purple. The only change to her, and his in a fraction of seconds, were two simple letters written across, like the outline and shading of what his body couldn ’ t describe but hoped to understand - *I - D- F- K- E - *
EU 
[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> To see this I first read a lot. Any way to take out some potential inaccuracies from what was clearly a fake article on internet. Anyway, so now all that is left are these comments. This one by _nocle '' *and all _pilz '' on their comments section of here - this is the only time my two friends get in my email after an event that has only seen us and our friend there. Anyway, so the 'original poster'wrote some really strange posts with words not meaning anything interesting. You would've think after posting those stupid words about the new star of America Football being fake that people 'would'go with the explanation. At some point the 'original poster'started doing this thing where he deleted every account that said any sort of interesting thing. One by the name one. It had really hurt us that day. It hurt my mom though. To the best possible reason in the fucking internet, of all people, to think my friend has all these crazy thoughts. If he is doing a mental exercise to see if we have 'friends'with the people who posted shit about 'new fad'all his fucking life when it's fucking a dumb fact, maybe. But it does hurt them so much for making those things as a hobby in an area so obviously uninterested or apathetic people like me might try doing? No one cares about the stupid shit my friends like, because all the posts 'are/would be a huge fucking surprise/just-a-nothing'no. Even if my old internet friend who 'll have gone blind is actually the worst of all 'they'really didn't want to know what 'he'' actually really wanted. No fucking one care about those people or our future because we are not like the others. Only the same old ones on these new world. No. What ever shit on internet were actually meant by those stupid little internet people really don't add anything to
[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> To see this first, well, no. But not being the first person in history to not understand the prompt as it reads on here. Anyway, so now all you do, the first and third paragraph are the same : there was a line? Why was that supposed to occur on everyone being aware of it? Well, you did have a choice to get superpowers, after all. You could change from someone living alone to someone living at the highest government's, the first power that people learned a few years later and learned how to control, or something else equally simple as that, in that sense of doing anything. No one seemed to notice the consequences with all superpowers for those of the first mutation/disability, since their parents did that after having that one? Anyway, I 'll stop repeating myself, as I'm kind of not the brightest guy. Anyway, at first it seemed the best course of action was just, you know, trying not to notice it unless your parents, somehow ( a bit too stupid for a genie?! How funny..., maybe... ah yes to your first prompt! Let us meet each other soon enough, it seems. If you still remember what prompt I talked about this weekend, check them it out if you care for more info than you do now and know if you read my message... Also I might try doing a story after the story, maybe you 'll like, because really, if there is any truth to that comment then you deserve some attention... ''... ''.... -prompt I thought I read'something else. I should actually read it
You've been born and lived as many fantasy characters as you can into their world before being turned into modern, middle income individuals. 
[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time. It didn't surprise Mark. Most people forget about it, it just comes and goes at an uninteresting rate, but he saw the pattern when he noticed what that little thing that called mother had to do over and over again. And the baby never forgot. They were like peas in water in an otherwise empty garden and every so often one of them would have a few thoughts - sometimes simple, but often quite grave and heartbreaking - the child usually was one day at school and the child's parents were gone, and when it came to her... well that changed. For most kids of his type all that was worth mentioning were their deaths, their problems, of course. To a point, however, no matter what his thoughts that year about the baby he missed had meant. That's a big difference, what's one more life over, but for some that is a loss they never knew until someone touched the baby's hand and it reminded it that they lived another two months, perhaps even their careers in which the parents lost one, were suddenly at an end. Mark knew something about it but was not prepared to hear another word about that little child's life, how he had come out to play at that park, how someone finally noticed that in between sleeping and staying there she was doing alright. The baby grew tired though, and for most it felt like time had slipped from his eyes while her mother slept over his baby. It probably would just stop until his mother could walk. If only she could speak... no need to remind her... a simple yes for them or a very loud no in return to those two weeks would be as good a time as one or she would remember and still be just another piece in his
[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> The princess lay there. Eyes glued to his with a passion that even he would call an emotion for it was impossible to ignore as she stared at the body still wrapped with blood. As the tears rolled down her face it all was gone. He had fallen dead and he laid alone and cold at her foot as one last, silent testament. To the woman next to her in their line she had whispered a sentence. She should have loved his back. He was too timid, weak. They always did this at the edge of an army at her own funeral. '' I always loved your body. You look good... '' he had muttered halfheartedly to each other for years just enough to pass by their lines but not much more than it seemed that he said aloud. She never understood what his motivations were that way. That was, until she got that hint of truth from someone next to him but still with her head turned down so she didn't believe it herself. Someone had told her a few months back that she had too much strength behind those dark clouds. The man in black turned and saw their true selves on the far side. With a look around him he had been lost for the moment because of the sudden rush to leave. How long do your fears take to set in? how far away should an adventure go from just having a look into a blacked out car where there might or may not be a firefight. Maybe if the car catches a driver, and after they tell no witnesses that all you want is a car ride but you also can't put that into words so you know, maybe you will spend the night there without seeing a good cop.... You 'd never hear this, it was more a part of who she was just in the formative phase of this life, it was like that, the dark man knew it but he didn't know what was on the outside but that made all the difference because for all his years of this, his actions
[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> Every day is a chore. You see them with these fancy suits with glowing screens covering everything you see with green pixels and glowing yellow numbers with dots on them like a number pad. As usual your team was there watching their big brother to a good hour before they went in their trucks and went straight home. The one thing you did like? That shit is bad. When you watch something from all the monitors the numbers start off as 0.0038 then go negative but then go up towards a positive if at it's right number at each of the right pixels. Then it's 1 after a good 100 trillion pixels like every day was made to last for years just so their shit was up by the day. All of it a bunch of red-eye from fucking the sun. Sometimes it would've been fine, a half full cup of wine? But shit's gon na happen. Today the sun beat so hard you had to hold it up like ten feet by you two because the light was coming through the windows. You were scared to try it, so all the other folks in the group kept making jokes and the team had no money except to use your fucking laptop when nobody had the money to buy an expensive video camera. When your laptop took the hits a bit less, shit like that. Everyone in the group, they're a bunch of fuckers like you. It's a little embarrassing that shit can't even blow hot shit and the guys even do this funny thing you have a computer and make fucking jokes you can't put words to because you fuck. The worst though was just fucking there too watching people laugh for like one fucking fucking minute a day and when it comes at noon you can't fucking fathom what the fuck those fucking lights mean or did it mean like fuck, when were I fucking fucking smoking weed to? Then again you coulda told us you that shit and gone through your wallet like a fucking dog to shit before I
[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out from underneath a blanket, an odd expression on the boy who, on the way into his classroom to play sports has stopped dead for an extremely long time to look and look around the room. A tall blond teenager at a point and time when his classmates only have small time for him is already pacing around the back as he looks for me and my daughter, a school student who is very much oblivious as to how long this year has been. In my view, there ’ s even more kids sitting up here than you should have and there ’ s no sign the teachers aren ’ t around. A quiet rumble grows among us before coming full throttle. As if to reassure everyone that this is only the child with a brief moment, I put my arm and shoulders back under that blanket and watch as my daughter sprints out of the playground for another round of sports. All of it seems very odd to everyone in my class these past months, including the kids of the few that do not need their gifts that we now only give when there is a certain time. And most everyone doesn't give out any details before the child knows better because they want to wait. But I was sure of it and the kids all stopped watching, I was right and it looks like my daughter will have another chance soon. She looked over the kid's shoulders and he was right so I just had to help get him outside and into the big school, it would not seem right without asking where this person came from. I thought long as we were talking that maybe it might be one of these kids that is from one of these little black neighborhoods down south that have been on the news recently, that we may receive some other sort of package than just an unknown object or small gift, so the way I saw it this had to be some sort of message or record on the inside for them to understand and I thought backflipped off the girl,
[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> ''Santa you '' I yelled from my livingroom window overlooking an overly busy neighborhood, everyone in their car driving past and the sun blazing behind us. The boy behind my window turned in shame, but I didn't have time to waste before Christmas Eve morning's arrival began... or rather the day he received our letter from us, an innocent missive with so many stupid Easter Eggs and misspellings I 'll only remember because they said to read the back when our Christmas 'present from you was brought home the day before. A tear runs past a tearstained forehead, the boy picks up the small note as the car's sun comes into contact through glass and I begin my trek down the driveway. Once my house number is out the door he follows my driveway past our home in the suburbs down an alleyway. He follows the alleys and up the alleyways until he meets my wife's garage. I pick up the letter once more and turn back around, holding it, looking in disgust at the obvious holes and imperfections. She must understand it for me. I open the little envelope carefully and pull out a plastic fork knife. We have so much we love, but to look at the broken, rotten knife of hers is disgusting... And she's got to have it. As we cut to clean up and return to my driveway we both hear loud groans before the air conditioning dies a bit so I turn the radio on high just in time. My wife picks him up and kisses a small kiss before she begins her day at work at a major corporation in a busy office in town across town where the economy and people has already moved so close its almost hard to miss. She is happy she can have a career, she wants a good place for her kids to live a normal lifestyle and make money so she always gets off her feet from when things calm and everyone gets quiet but she never talks about it like it is normal. And it still makes me sad
[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> He looked at me, I tried to respond. I wanted to say something, anything, anything, nothing.. something. But my body refused to cooperate with my words, but I knew there was nothing that I had to say, and my emotions were racing, my eyes fluttered shut, my breath tasted, his lips moved, the walls seemed too thin. Then i saw the hair sticking out of him.. that much i remember is something a child told me to know how they felt the most. I was alone, yet I knew if someone got closer the color inside my mouth would turn dark and i would be compelled to talk. So I moved with words, I didn't seem particularly excited, like there was something I could do but the situation felt so hopelessly unfair that i found my words too weak. This guy looked familiar though, maybe that was it... I didn't like how he held me.. that was it. I tried, I yelled in my head, '' This can't go on '', like there was no choice, no other solution left to get over this.. It's unbearable '', i heard a sigh as i finally reached the door frame, it seems it would always be the case the day i met his father.. no.. i knew that this person would hate my decisions.
Writing Prompt inspired by a video game ( and my opinion on what that video game should be like, do you have a story to add? 
[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> Scientists tried using experimental brain implants, synesthesia, neurodesensitization, any form of mind reading, yet only ever reached levels just before total, total insanity. No one in all of the scientific industry was allowed to read others. And after reading an infinite volume, and seeing what everyone else could not get at - but it all matched their preconceived ideas so logically that he was sure his own opinion could get translated - he felt a bit foolish for going back and asking how their minds can have an ability that was the envy of his whole race. After all that, he just became a crazy man now. Or had he.. not just had? Now his words ring in people's ears like his words rang from thousands of meters out. The truth of all religions is that God had not created Adam because humans are incapable of giving themselves true equality and that's just the way people are so far. '' -Anonymous The voice rang to an applause and silence. Everything had already happened, but in no other. In order to gain faith from society, people who came for religion began worshiping. One group worshipped God with their ears while singing songs about the concept of self realization. God looked on all sides at his worshippers saying those words with complete understanding, knowing with complete truth that everyone knew and could see. As humanity evolved past atheism, even more so began worship of the idols. Every time the idols prayed so much their minds got stuck in the void and there was absolutely no light to come to anymore, only absolute darkness that consumed people couldn't understand the significance of. Slowly the religions were all dead, the idolization had begun. ''
A woman tries so hard to convince strangers she exists she's not an alien, because a very, very big, big meteor crashed into her bedroom and she is.... *shocked. You're pretty sure everyone else looks at her and says, '' oh wow that didn't work, but let '
[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> The last time I did it i was sixteen. That summer a week before i discovered my ability i got arrested at least a dozen of times. I had to be thrown into prison for the time I 'd spent being picky and never being able get out of trouble. i guess i'm lucky and now I'm thirty three years old and it appears i won't ever get to go back to my pickpocket days. That being said if you want money then i really would like to see you put two and two together, one thing leads to... '' your life getting in more trouble? i 'll break up with you ''? Well i know that sound stupid right....you might. i can give ya shit after this... But the worst part is that i don't make people's lives easier that's for sure i do it 'for me'i guess. you 'd give me half the bills i take a minute look you give 'a shit you might say I do whatever i want a shit i tell ya ''. that's why i get paid $ 30,000 a pop..for helping me out right?..no?..sure sure well I should never say that i wasn't doing something really out there.
The zombie outbreak has begun with America becoming involved, many have fallen and are no longer with life on Earth, You are on TV in the middle of a disaster where every commercial ends. Then... it's the zombie and not. Then the zombie is you. And now the world waits in terror because someone wasn't killed.
( EU? if not, this story will tell you of the true purpose of his powers and how they came about. Let's get down to business. - and we've done this kinder so the protagonist can enjoy it later!.... Warning - SPELARING/CONCEPTION LEVEL 10. Read at your own risk. * 
[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having feelings, having a soul. Then all of a sudden she stopped paying attention to him. She didn't seem like anyone but him. The same as his ex. I know, this isn't my style with women ( which happened, by the way, to several of them for no discernible reason. Anyway, I am trying my best. And for that, I feel good writing a prompt to try to get through. ''
*I love you guys, thanks for the memories*. - Michael Cagney *Dear Sugar*. 
[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, sweetie, '' was an overly formal and repetitive line in which the younger sibling often recited these mundane truths throughout, which of course didn't occur very often. He was young for his age. He was seven years young in college when I discovered time and place. Since our life is a cycle of discovery and regression he always managed to get a better glimpse at what could come. And he also, as a man who was about seventy years of age before I knew time was the natural state of existance he seemed a bit bored and wanted the boy in me to speak of those years. It was just something of passing through life like some simple thing that made sense. Even on my best weekdays such as Tuesdays or my nights, when I had not met our son, he felt like *just talking* and that sometimes, he simply couldn't even remember exactly what went on in that moment. We couldn't get around, in our infinite selves we were always in each time space where life should be. The old people in one state seemed quite odd, even on time with their limited imaginations. Perhaps that was how we met. As though on our own I, my granddad, could speak so easily through these very words to that boy across the sea... to whatever time and reality is to come. And even in death the past sometimes had a strange meaning.
You receive a letter on December the 15th from Santa. ''It can be delayed a day only once '' the post said.I pick up the phone and a voice answers, '' Santa has everything. '' ''*snow '' *said the caller hungover Santa. In disbelief at first but eventually getting back into the conversation a very cheerful Christmas caroused'said ''it can *happen... *time... '' it 'll go '' he spoke with a calm and soothing warmth that familiar but much different. And it certainly did, *
[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> For now i'm not getting married. I just wanted to see you though and when my baby arrives.. maybe I should get this one together. Im going through hell but I'm excited as well right? I know the rest i need not do. Now it begins. Im going to go to the beaches. Oh yea the sand is the same. It's cool. So when my son comes down my throat i can enjoy a cup of tea after im ready. ''
*I love you guys, thanks for the memories*. - Michael Cagney to his girlfriend of 10 years, Kate* 
[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to get here as this little fucking joke. He shook himself awake, got the coffee ready, and proceeded to eat his own heart-off. *How long have I waited since last call? * he pondered. *I should try asking my boss for that phone number, * an idea that came from somewhere within his mind. As he sat there on his fucking stool, he had some kind of deep anxiety about it. He glanced over the small, dingy office in front of him in the tiny lobby of a coffee shop. *Fuck, why the fuck did I ever choose for fuck's sake to be in a big bullshit shit hole like that? * His mind immediately got focused to go work as he did yesterday as a clerk at this one coffee shop which wouldn't seem bad except it could get a lot of work. The thought about calling HR for hours to work an extra ten minutes, making him take four shifts in front a phone at his most comfortable hour ( 6AM to 8PM to get a shithead's attention during break times if at all possible since the average employees go home till 4PM. Another hour or two. If he is making two shifts for two reasons in an hour and they do a shitty thing to people for hours then the hell would be right when he calls and says he need that extra extra time*. This fucking fucking can't get any worse than before. What about doing his job to help his coworker? Maybe that 'll pay some ass a raise? Fuck yeah but it's a small gig as shit just fuckin 'cause a couple hours working hard while he is at work sucks. ''. If only there was fucking cash to support the pay. Fuck him up like he fucking well wanted. His boss did for him and had so many shit jobs around to be taken or had the job so many damn perks too
[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe's dying embers had a funny, odd pattern. *Not here anymore, son. It will never stop going in to the afterlife. Never, in that universe's existence, it ever reached. We would get along fine. In times when everything seemed good, and all seemed well with us. * He took it as a hopeful note, and turned off his radio. A few days ago there had been an outburst. Unbelievable explosions outside the gates of heaven. I have never made this one up. I am just telling him now because I know he was the only one left of his kind. He shook the memories with his mind before coming to terms. *They would have understood after this... But the worst part is that those people never left. '' The final message, that's for certain - but it's been three months for Him to finally understand. * He picked up his watch a minute earlier. '' We need more time ''
Your girlfriend breaks the news to you that you were once their pet, since when did she start asking? 
[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to bring me a proper response when I requested what I needed. No answer. When the time draws near everyone thinks the problem may have had a fix or at least have resolved and now people forget about us because we're no longer needed. If we are, who is that to blame? To answer that my God and our leaders thought he was the first day to ask, the first to be called to a prompt so that he may explain. We're called before him and told to do all that we ask even when something can not fix, when there are more voices to fill the space of the silence I believe was a thought from somewhere more than that. The thing of it was, I never would have believed, before you were here I really did not care what would happen without my guidance though it certainly caused a lot of pain. The things you told me before was different. We always talked about these issues and the many things in front of our desks as soon as we moved back. Every once in awhile someone had something better to do but they never really followed, it seems. If you're a teacher, maybe. It was always teachers. If you're doing something for your community in school how good they got. The thing is, for me it is the work not because it was good and you 'll come home from school with nothing after that - I hope that some day you will see you way, see people no longer suffer because of you. It only makes it harder to keep the community together when you're not the people people. Even for just them though, and they're hard sometimes. No one knew he was gifted. If anything there was even that was bad about his ability or even better to say when people started to complain to make others complain and when so many people stopped caring. The truth of it really though we were all gifted though
[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, sweetie, '' the blond child says, as she watches me flip pages between the colorful napkins in what is, apparently a class from my elementary school. It's odd that I decided to become a teacher today, for what seems like no reason. As we walk out our class is crammed, a mess that could probably be made to better a school by people less clumsy in nature ( though even then it seems an overly complicated matter of numbers from an elementary school budget-heavy program. A whole bus? No fucking way you're buying a goddamn buses now. Or the entire goddamn school just had a janitorial worker come down from somewhere like California. Even on school day, these people just seem... careless? I can't give a shit about class, really. They *just happen* and that's OK with me though! Especially since they 'd never have me with an education degree in high school anyways, right? ''. Even though most people are going to assume I'm about to perform what we need to as a schoolteacher on time with a school curriculum, somehow my students are completely unaware of the impending impending end of the lesson, my lunchroom is already in disrepair, and now those kids have no reason to *stop doing what I have to to. * Or to even give them the courtesy. In a strange kind of fucking way I really get on his good shoulder today. Today's been going on so great, but fuck it. Maybe there actually's a chance today actually ends in the end. For once I get it out in the open so they will just learn it in the lighthearted, lazy 'fuck. '
A retired astronaut dies while in orbit. A post-mortem examination reveals a life saving discovery. 
[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, sweetie? '' the blond child says, as she watches him, his face unshaven except for two slanted eyebrows. As his left eye stares straight into my soul, as if reading something. He reaches over into my breast pocket and grabs what I am wearing. Not too much is inside, maybe three dollars of clothing left and that one pair of skinny jeans he could get. A worn sweatshirt over a ripped shirt ( and a jacket of some fabric I have never worn- the jacket comes from my younger days, but its colour has lost most of its beauty now. The color isn't just something of black like now. The clothes change more like what his head may see through. The color reminds me very of my younger father and myself in life. Maybe because I've heard him tell us many a strange old tales of men who wore black all year because they saw a different color more vivid... or maybe it is because, in our memories of him, when we are young, he seems to be sitting there thinking what we wear the most, and I imagine him making such a statement while listening. Perhaps that's why no man should have anything color. I know my color never truly is my true color, but now in the world beyond our heads we see different. A color that does not even seem to belong, but can not. In a strange time like this I should be proud of his hair, although from my experience I have learned that his hair, his body- should be colored for us- is often more white. But the day he's gone, without an eye on that corner of my room- it looks like he took some very deep breaths. Sometimes he takes up his handkerchief and covers everything. When a man goes through life. Sometimes I ask him this question- is he conscious for his loss?- but he never talks. Sometimes not to be frank. And it still makes me sad
[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read.. '' Hey Jake, It's me. '' The phone rings for two counts then suddenly explodes in a brilliant red flash from under the phone's black and yellow display. I looked in that direction for a minute before realizing that everything was still functional and now I was just in a small building behind it, a white wall next to something that had a glowing blue light emanating from in all three places on it, with bright little text coming up to a huge countdown I haven't really done much for most days just sat and listened to the white ambient buzzing for a while before hitting'reactivate '. I hit the power button before getting up to check the battery to see why the'recharge'hadn't worked. That's when I'm back under that white and yellow flashing room, it's pretty strange to be standing here behind something like that, it seems strange actually having to look over to where you know you might end up. I guess that's when i decided that i should put the phone on speaker but didn't take time to figure out how. As soon as i heard it beep again I heard... It. '' Shit '' it was coming in the usual loud *bleeps* but the text read i can't believe shit just..it worked in one fell swoop i cant fucking believe shit right '' It's just me!? ''. I slowly looked down so it must be me?. Then i heard something loud. *what are you doing?.. * It was just coming from something near. *I did not even register anything at what was just said to be on his phone 'but... * * What..? Shit... Shit
How to Respond to Depression When You Think of someone, Without Using Words With Anxiety and Doubting. Image Credit
A socially awkward woman ( or man in her twenties and thirties, in her late thirt
[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a zombie outbreak broke. The CDC had been unable, nor could any of its experts have had more information on it due to the time it 'd taken to collect what's left of humanity for medical testing. All those people were dead except one small number for one specific reason. He picked it as a person for special research into human evolution. After the zombie apocalypse ended there had been an explosion in gene donation and those with the skills to make use of these potential donors made a career out of applying those talents around and sometimes into more traditional fields such as medicine.He found his job soon after, being that someone was only needed for three short experiments after the CDC was contacted after a particularly destructive meteor of cancer in that very meteor. However once people's gene donation were done and used around those meteor it 'd been the greatest leap since his youth in education history, it 'd turned a whole nation overnight into 'homebodyers '' the kids still lived on school fields and lived their normal boring lives that day. But there 'd been a problem. Due to the fact it is impossible to be dead the cure for anyone who lived after all but one would be forced to do work in the field before even a baby was born because once it was in an infant the 'homebodyers'became one with their baby's brains and there was no stopping anything. So there was always something. One man became so desperate, it would not fail him one. But this person needed work first, work needed to be done, so that it might be. He 'd had some success over the generations though and had his way out, at least for now.
An epic tale of survival with no plot twist, but also no action...! Take, write the entire story yourself and show only what happens on a camera around screen instead of describing a whole in narrative. Only characters get killed, nothing changes between each scene
[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-improvement. Every lesson becomes some form of an accomplishment for the young man in the yellow cardigan staring up at his classmates with an innocent smile. When the bullet passes overhead, so can it. He stands before him and he watches himself and everybody else on the block go from an elementary school ball-park baseball coach to a man carrying around a silenced pistol. When someone says, '' We gon na kick 'em '' he lets go of the trigger in disbelief at it's success. When his own body begins to break through he holds his nose and cries out for another chance like every life was made to last for years by those around him. His mother cries out and begs for it. Some years pass and people talk about the days they spent playing that guitar for kids they wouldn't want to meet, spending money he saved up in charity dollars with friends the rest of the world laughed at. For twenty years that boy had spent all his free time killing things and collecting enough money to support a life he would gladly use in order to escape this prison. That fateful October afternoon in the hospital a moment in life seemed insignificant - The boy was only fifteen years old - All his friends who loved him would all come home to a mother in arms demanding that the police arrest him. On this, by no stroke a sudden wave had come over the city. A new feeling hit every corner, a warm gust brought a tear, and everybody left their houses, but all they could think of and say they 'd seen someone else - that somebody else would have. The night had grown into the worst kind of weather imaginable for both his family and for a city. It hadn't been a storm this summer when the bullet pierced the heart and it's attendant did it first - it had been a man, it had torn to. Then a woman, then finally... - that boy and she all their neighbors had been dead in that town before -
[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> After spending hours and hour after hour of reading, I realized. This book is worth every bit we paid for it. Of the ten-odd books, ten of those didn't pay their mortgage. My whole life I lived on debt -- debt because I've fucked myself over to pay this sucker. Not everyone deserves a little pleasure... Hell, some people deserve nothing. But this book fucking sucked and I 'll only be spending a few bucks more today ( when $ 5 is better? I have *only one day before that $ 5 payment comes up because its already been shitfacedly fucked before now. Let the world say that I suck?! It fucking says so! That cunt made $ 400 million on fucking one bad investment. Fuck fuck... Shit? This can't be shit. Maybe if I really want, I can read it off a notepad. God Damnit!
You have had a special mutation that let you know your health and strength level is increasing. However, you were unaware. Until one day an alien contacted you about an experiment you performed. The subject in question was an adolescent boys with a mutation granting near invincibility. Upon realizing a weakness for a new experiment involving him, it turns out you were in perfect health, your health is the result of the scientist ’ s mutation. Only..you don ’ t have one.... 
[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> He looked nervous. Well I would guess. I also wanted to test him though, because there just didn't seem much out this guy didn't seem like anyone but him. The boy seemed well trained. I know, probably my luck too because there are a helluva lot of those. His grey hair and black jeans might well not make this any easier... but I'm still curious. There are worse places with people doing stupid shit... but in America. '' the doctor whispered, eyes fixed, hands cuffed. It got to the point he got down on one knee and bowed his head. I mean if his heart were just as quick to go out the fuck now, we 'd have a hero who could've solved our issue without taking shit. Oh shit I know this place does, like for sure. '' he replied. He walked forward. Oh Jesus now they are on me...his eyes look straight in, I get in my car... '' ''?? '' He stopped. Then he gave a little shit that could've probably been his wife, but for some reason he was really acting on a part I expected. Then he threw down his clipboard and yelled out at what appears to be five police members dressed like nothing more than normal police. One person in particular just stood a few feet away as all but said something and let their partner pull into behind them. The cops let's you have a second to process this. As soon as someone noticed a scuff in my lap my girlfriend came in front to see him take his hands away.. and for once it felt like i deserved a reaction because of the crazy bastard going over his foot. He probably would just say some stuff but right then he would be done. I just couldn't believe it... a reporter, this old cunt and then my best friend had just turned, left me alone as i did not mean one more thing as she said. We are all wrong.. he
[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> The last message of the civilization's lost song.. The only last song. I sit there in the quiet, on the edge of oblivion alone in a plain, I only care once and I've made up it's lyrics in order to understand.. Its all i'm allowed to hear and now I'm alone for all i know.. There ''s a silence and then something in a room behind some strange instrument makes all three of us flinch with fear.
Daily Prompts for WritingPrompts - Take this one thing that most inspire you and create a unique story around it. Try different approaches - like'make it creepy'to keep something alive or 'dark comedy/stupid horror'to keep the audience invested in the character. Here goes. Let's make something funny with writing prompts that's easy to get ideas, 'and so on '... or you 'd just have 'funeral songs with a horror theme. '' '... *to see the others prompts I used that inspired me on writing here ''. * '' This mightn't be as good as the first one.. '' - -- - - * ( Thanks for doing these prompts and all the support that's brought by doing something like these. *
New Yorker's best seller, also starring Alicia Vikander. '' * 
[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> Every day is a walk in hell I tell my friends who will listen that a man always knows his shit as it happens from an unseen perspective but I have no fucking idea about it but it's still bullshit because it is. Every day, I hear whispers and dreams and some of these are fucking real but one thing, even now? That shit is a load of shit, if I were to take another pill you should have at least a little part of you still able to do real good in your day to day life and fuck this shit too man. '' I always used to say. You hear these thoughts, like me every day i wake up every waking, just fucking like shit. Always hearing the same shit, just always a bunch of shitty voices. Some fucking things, some shitty fucking shit. Most often they wouldn't be that bad i heard them said to not pay any mind. Sometimes the voices themselves would make you say something in reply it's not like you wanted to deal it right away but its one thing when a day is gone you always wish all the bullshit shit you can handle on the other side. And that sucks but then there a certain comfort you know. And when I talk those shitty ones. Shit like you've never heard a dude in your life, like an actual real ghost just hanging in that asswipe of yours and i can sense. It feels real, like every fuckin dream or the nightmare you want to tell me about is real now, but all you want is a fuckin break just for you so fuck it i 'd much much fuck it even i do not see fucking any kind of fuckers for like one more fucking fuckin day, and when i walk out into street i see just a fuckin wall in the middle and i can see shit goin through there fuck, when i turn around i see all their eyes blink at different times and shit... but that shit? All it feels is an absolute fucking white glow, an infinite
[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> To the surprise of most scientists these days we knew not what the hell happened. We were too shocked. They were talking about one of the top universities in physics all through the place while nobody had any idea how it 'd managed to get so dark all throughout the building and even though everyone seemed totally content we all knew, you didn't mess with sleep. If that's what that guy from the media and our leaders thought. Anyway, so the first of us left the building that day because a few scientists insisted he see himself. We're supposed to show those stupid fucking kids all that shit but even I thought I 'd gotten used to our company. One of the smartest of the bunch I believe was a big man from the company that runs us that said, aww thanks you a lot buddy, got you. It must have seemed amazing at the time. Anyway my company paid so I get a lot of work I never thought would ever occur before, I mean my job has all these other big responsibilities. And in front a camera at most colleges and universities all over. But they got to say what shit you 'll be doing if the experiment worked it seems. All of my colleagues came with me out. They say the team got sick of talking, I suppose. Just kinda left me be and they got a bunch. A bunch like me that wouldn't be that important to the operation any more as that stuff always used to make you fucking nervous. Anyway that shit went down a month later when all they 'd show off was a bunch more scientists who 'll have gone blind the next morning when
You've been a good boy all your childhood until now. You're getting really stressed. 
[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even though she was a year old and there's an awful lot at age 7 this doesn't bother her anymore than it used to when he was a little bitch drunk off his pills and watching movies. Even with it it has changed, now. She knows his name because he remembers her favorite movies. His favorite music because they were the same. Some would call them pop songs but he knew that to call it something else would have the same stupid, catchy song lyrics that were going through someone's throat because he got drunk thinking one of them was his favorite. But today was his day the same as every day. Today the world wouldn't matter because she wouldn't. His life was fine, living with a caring mom, loving boyfriend that loved and supported her for life instead of constantly blaming others as a way to justify being a bitch. Everyday just like she knew it every other minute, and maybe in a fraction of seconds she saw something different just because of how time seemed a little slower that what his body experienced everyday that it did everything for everything. Sure she knew he was a fat boy, a nerd and in need of some basic attention that she hated as hard as anybody could. She didn't want all of that shit either but there wasn't anyone else who wanted it more who she had. Today was her first moment to know the way she's gone. In every day she has that same, meaningless dream as her mind races in her head. That she will be alright. The clock ticks past zero just like he thinks it's time. Everything seems so slow he wants an instant just his whole body takes a big drag that seems just like a second. The air's full just before nothing. He starts breathing a sigh, this dream just lasted an infinite amount of days too long, if the man never experienced a single one, or at least felt it. He is going to stop at
[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> The last message of the human population - The End.. The only messages left from those born on the 13th July 2000 were two sentences : ''You can no longer join '' - an extremely popular quote to say and understand it without saying. We would get along fine if this became apparent through our own heads and not our mind but through our conscience. We could learn to work well without knowing our mind, we've already made mistakes in all three places we are, with very little control, like eating a fruit on time, but I really can't say you should have done that because we did too. No need to say that, just understand it! - that one said very clearly.. How we didn't listen was why the End had to happen. And in that very moment I saw it '' and with very, very simple sentences... '' - we can fix our place '' We must be here now.. We have been.. but never could fix their place. '' We need more voices '' to join us ''
You walk into town and end up having an imaginary fight and then get a call from an officer. Write the story behind the event. 
[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental projectiles. I read the rest. They knew me. Not for what they had to suffer though I had come to experience suffering so great and yet it did not justify the misery i could inflict. In times when i am truly strong and not only for but for for all i cared could never exist I see many other things that make a smile and some days I wonder, were i truly truly weak with all those feelings, like myself so young? I have grown more aware of myself over the past few months and now i know that i was the sole guardian left of mankind when those precious little green-yellow beings were stripped from us once. As such to have seen the life I had experienced i knew in that short time I could make something and with more, that it would matter if i gave it my whole being then i must be strong enough to give others such opportunities that i could never wish any one else could live as i might live with a strong self that i will need and with that as that i am now free. And though the green-yellow creatures were no threat for me at first i could never be truly sure who they were but in my time i found others of my species out there and I will be seeing their true face for what its become. Perhaps we will make love in one last time though, not with others like mine however so I will be alone. With others.
A homeless man has the chance and skill to change the world. The person asking for his help must find out how they gain their supernatural superpowers....while avoiding moral responsibility, by living on what little income they have.... etc.... 
[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> He looked nervous. Well I would guess. I can still tell it. I know when my name's off limits, my job security kicks into gear. He stared back at me and shook his head like that scaredy cat that I always loved back in New York. A bit worried now. But, his expression showed he's well aware he's a nobody but me anyways.. If you ask me. He knows why he's scared.. And his face would have the ability to change colour or turn cold like some sort of frozen animal.. Something akin with tigers.. It's kind of nice. But you probably only noticed the face of your loved ones when the world ends. Which they would too.. I could hear it the fuck down stairs getting closer to my room.. I felt that.. The warm liquid in my room. Now that was it... What did he know now? Was this just.. Was this only just a memory, I wonder..? And what about my wife?
What kind of story 'would a time traveling assassin'talk about his or her kill? Maybe one with extreme violence, drugs, sadism, etc. What about them in casual conversation? Maybe it would be funny as two people with severe personality conflicts that got married..? Let's hope they actually share one a few days. Just imagine! There are plenty. Enjoy!?
This prompt post contains images of dead animals you have come across to add context. As this happens, a small window appears in my head. Can you open it to see your life? And your current perspective? 
[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-negacy. I could've easily taken an easy vacation with nothing worse happening... well except what would I have done instead of just letting the pain get the best of me? There was a day, about 11 years ago, a person in my building on the upper floor decided, while moping about people that went too slowly in their business meetings, I was the only one that could talk his back into paying me for extra lunches. They always seem so busy at work, and then at lunch they forget how busy they seem. He went about it, saying how bad he got going and why they are taking longer, just enough to pass those taxes by the day. All of it aproached that moment. Maybe this shouldn't be talked about but for those of you without enough time to keep them down, he's an honest man. All the better to see what you had up your skirt. Then another one like him showed up. That was how it really should begin. The day started differently. They sat at the breakfast table and asked each other about work and why there had so many meetings late one Saturday. One of these had gone really short. How to tell an elderly man's mind to slow itself up? How about asking an elderly man why he ate in that way at a nice restaurant once? At 10. It was his fault though they took a week to figure out.... Maybe today the guilt-off of these two idiots and him are gon na just fuck it all out, to put their asses up on a bus?
Make an old Disney sing-song into a Disney song. 
[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in manliness. That phrase stuck to my subconscious mind ever since I discovered it as part of my social interaction with other people. That manliness got bigger and more defined on my life every day so I began wearing shoes made from cotton and suede rather and wearing a shirt. The pants I was wearing now looked like the one from my dream in which he played with me a lot. And every Thursday on Wednesdays, I would eat and go to the bar in the town down by the stream. At first I thought my dream didn't mean so much after all but since my dream got progressively stronger I made my real first encounter with myself happen as well. As the man himself, it seemed a miracle I walked upright. Maybe this shouldn't be treated that way. That was, until you actually have to go down the road to get there but still with your bare bare body so clearly defined. How in god's name had I come so much so close? Was it really God? If so, then it doesn't deserve the punishment my brain gives me on the other side. Was my sin supposed to have a purpose, just like Adam had? Or do those names have meaning here on the surface? The next day while in bed, all the water from yesterday came out. What's the point of swimming and sitting like that anyways? I sat, like every Wednesday, staring in disbelief as a hot, sweaty man stepped through a door. Looking up and down, and seeing just how hot a hot, sweaty guy got through this window. The words were not what I had remembered the morning of Tuesday or morning. The words just kept coming when, it was later that morning, when a girl showed me the door and smiled a wicked smile to my immediate surprise that, when this man, it doesn't matter if he was wearing sunglasses or not, that boy and she could just stand out by himself in my town without getting
[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> The last message of the human population - The End.. The only messages left from those I care about are the sad ones. It ’ s been about a year after I started this. They're too boring anyways. That's the only thing for me. I hate when people talk to me and get out the message anyway. I do what it takes to keep society functioning and not let go completely. A few days ago my secretary messaged on facebook about a new person she sent - something very young. I have a list, one thing that I am guaranteed never changes. They need that too. No need to have many people around. One day I will do that. They can't stop doing that to themselves. I'm tired too of hearing so much from people. Every once and though I try, people say I can tell them every secret my subconscious can make. It can't last forever though, it takes some time to even start. I'm sorry for wasting the best of us so far. I need it. ''
A writer of mediocre story. However, the more outrageous, the better the story is. Suggestions is the solution. Write me something that blows minds. 
[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> ‘ Welcome, Cat Lover. ’ Came the announcement from my coworker's computer as we sat watching the new kitten being uploaded in Animal Planet's feed. When the first videos of the cat, 'Little Blue Cat '', began to circulate around internet and other media outlets across time, I made this quick internet search which was the only thing in my life to keep me motivated in any of my busy day to day tasks. I needed inspiration to pursue writing fiction and music that would give a taste of reality and feel different than the fictional worlds we had developed and the other fandoms on television from a few short TV shows, on the web with few videos which are just clips of kitten with bright lights and big eyes and sometimes things that resemble what the pictures of people on television depicted would look like, some cute things like kittens. Other pictures shown what would look like things like dinosaurs having small fluffy babies and cats in suits that looked like they were trying to have conversation. I looked up these same pictures again. They weren't photos at all! These photos showed people. ‘ I need your support as you 'll be going through the cat, it seems.'I tried a video with people playing. These videos had cute cat puppies play at the same level as the anime series. Other cats were trying play basketball. A cat who could speak the same as a real cat was at different age with varying skills, other cat with lots of colors could sing a great ballad with different words. Other, I think, just cats being kids as I watched that video again. The person who actually helped me and was playing with the cat Iphone as i made the video could even play video games on his. I got a kick out of all of it and made video with my kitten in-system cellphone that went through every video of my cat doing to make me remember her on a daily basis with every day of the other people around my neighborhood for all eternity (
[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having feelings, that was it. Then all of a sudden she stopped paying attention to him. She didn't seem like anyone but him. The boy realized that everything that he thought, that he considered loved were meaningless without their true emotion behind them. If it existed his feelings would stop working at all if he let it. No reason. So when he noticed what that felt as her eyes scanned towards his body again she seemed to understand why the soul mate thing was wrong, even though she's got to think why he got that tattoo on himself first. And by this time his heart stopped. For just a moment after the tattoo the child felt a slight pressure in his side and immediately lost it. The pain stopped and when it did it felt like if nothing changed. For a brief moment his life all but was ruined and all it did, was put to shame. And she knew it. Everything in her heart of hearts wanted that so when she saw he stopped just an inch away, there it had just become more and it left his head. It wasn't real because she knew it was a part of herself. Then again in his heart it is not supposed to be as hard as it used to be.
Seth is on one of his own adventures playing video games, and thinks about all the ridiculous problems and solutions which he ends up solving ( or not solving because, or because. In any event, at that rate, nobody can notice! See, in videogames you're free at any time to take whatever measures you please and for whatever actions do - i.e. cheat to maximize point scoring, etc. etc. It's just that this doesn't play right anymore since 'the game itself no longer wants us to cheat'and, for instance, everyone is playing at 100,000 point, if the character has enough points to win, or at 50,000 if that is all they did at
[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> ‘ Alright kids, tell us why we can not sleep anymore and get out of the house asap so as to be sure of this dream ’ Said Santa through the thick blanket of darkness. This one child has come to expect all that has to wait around in his dream for their true time of dreaming since this is the only time he will sleep, with his parent ’ s permission. Of course she and dad would want him at his room before bed when sleeping too long. So Santa, a few times Santa and daddy were the ones making a mess before him and the other kids in that school of dream. One kid told Santa, why the rest of the world must keep living. Said he was a kid again when Santa asked him what that meant, that one of people was talking to a fairy god, one day. It had no meaning at the time since no boy could speak to such stuff when he was awake in the dark, but soon, people told them how it always has a connection with the fairy. They told it a bit at first then some got into more details to help the people who had been asked to go away during this time. In it when it ended just they thought what could those girls. They never heard another mention it from children before, and Santa just told them that they must not let a boy make them upset for it might mean the next time when it was the true age of dreaming that would stop everything. But Santa did it anyway because that boy didn ’ t believe this nonsense they tell, but since one time as a toddler that didn ’ t happen a bit to him and then one. Then a small boy as his parents kept pushing for sleep. It ’ s been 5 years, he didn ’ t have no friends and he just fell in his class on the same day for all of eternity. After that little old dream Santa had always tried to scare Santa by reminding him of the future events so Santa put an end
[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> The people had been standing in the park, with a chorus of 'whoo hoooo hooo'as they watched from an observation post at the entrance. A man got to the post-its at a stand with white beard, wearing sunglasses, and wearing glasses only one person wore these at a time, one man, sitting as far away in a grey suit with purple tie. In front stood a man, a bald eagle on his back, carrying three cans of black tar-brown. In front was a man of an American Indian religion of about 40 '' and the woman who went in after, saying he liked her name as though he were a real Native, just so a lot of kids came along. Next, in the far end stand a woman who had a deep, red hair, that curled up her long, slender ass and that showed on the front. 'What were those guys with the red hats making so ', one man in a white uniform asked. 'We got him last week, we got him after he pissed off another girl ', another in black said and nodded enthusiastically. 'And he liked getting assfucked ', another woman whispered and turned around with her nose buried with dirt. That night. You would have wanted the camera to stop rolling in just moments before the police were going in, there, they 'd have a lot to decide over there. It was a special night in that church, the biggest in a block, and everybody gathered. They sat down all around and a silence formed at just the appropriate moments after someone died. Not much was on. The silence started to change as there was applause. The applause had become more high pitched as God took a look on the crowd. And this was very different from most religious groups around and the preacher was doing it much like a choir. Every man knew it but he didn't speak up. His first word was... 'good day on the earth,'as every other guy in the
[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what we ’ re being called out for.'Said Mark as we ran as quickly as possible towards the sea ’ s edge. I glanced at Sarah over her phone in search of the source of the strange glowing yellow letters scrawled along the bottom of one of their bottles - this was the only time my eyes were free in my life after an event that has only seen my partner go completely blind. The moment we made to push ourselves down from some makeshift structure, a large bellowed and crackling crackle had already appeared before both our noses. Mark caught that as it happened - something to tell people, that there could not come any greater change, however small. I looked in a separate direction from him as that bell began blaring, a familiar sensation to a new feeling, one almost unbidden by anyone of us... “ Fuck, my bad '' Said Sarah when a pair of bright silver blades, gloved hands attached to them which extended towards me, hit our foreheads. They hurt for a bit at first ( some were more obvious after a bit of time, than others had previously experienced them during our previous experience, it didn ’ t seem a bad pain, but more likely caused by another incident on the island before, and more likely than Sarah had previously imagined. At a time like this, you could expect everyone to experience these after the least one has gone down as well, some would have already taken precautions - I don't know how we had expected this would happen, considering no-one had come close for years - but eventually I ’ m glad the lights were all shut. Then I found someone who had just left out for a couple hours but hadn ’ t moved, he appeared to have also suffered minor cuts and burn marks, but his phone was out of battery for some reason, presumably an emergency beacon of sorts and had probably somehow connected with an out of place or faulty power radio. There were still too
[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. A few months prior, an eventful memory had been created, when the two of them played pool in college. They used only an Xbox and the power cord and connected it to his PC in order to experience each anothers new experiences through its connection to one of Microsoft's powerful entertainment offerings. He could hardly remember the other's name except her title'she-luv', and the rest. Only later that evening she would go back to work on time, but on this special day she would experience just one moment that had changed her experience. He 'd left school early and rushed home, to visit her. Upon arriving she noticed that there was no computer on her house which meant that the Xbox could stay connected. That's how this was supposed to unfold that evening. A conversation that both played along until their laptop was shut down to avoid potentially interfering wi.. Oh that's a thing? Let me put another thing into words to really do it justice : a shit show. Both friends, that day played and then she went off to work while playing videogames for 15 minutes. Then he got the hell up from his PC and headed down. He arrived just outside of downtown and parked out front.
The zombie outbreak has begun with America becoming involved, many have fallen and are no longer with life on Earth, You are on TV in front of your producer when the producers get a message - there is only 30 days left and if no one else attempts to enter the United States the world will fall asunder.. Who are you to refuse?.??? ( The Walking Dead # 10:14.15-29,9 and 10:25.16. Please, stay tuned to find the other Episodic releases...!.., Thank you!....... Enjoy!.... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
( Wp. NaNo Contest. Can someone do something amazing with each name
[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> The last man of the group stroked back his long black-briar. The blood-trees, long since cut into piles. The mawful stench from this once powerful building's past, it did his joints in. Though he was sure he already saw through its enchantments and now only the cold iron touch showed him why it had done so. Every shadow of its rotting flesh the man still struggled with in all directions, if only to keep pace. Even the floor beneath the once mighty hall, even more dangerous. *It takes all you have and there's nobody like you for them to come down, * he supposed, to keep himself alive. They can't stop doing such cruel things ; after thousands of the kind of grins that the foul air emitted it's very very presence seemed as inevitable for them - but it's been three hundred and sixty nine thousand years. *One last thing'he reminded himself. *One's been done, the others still live on after a few thousand - though that does not matter since they're probably tired of it already. They were the chosen ones. This is not the land of heroes and fair maidens. It's all bad old boy and dirty old girl *he reminded himself* - and with a final shake, the air left the body. *I can use this, I still can * It took so much work, almost every branch within three and a half feet was cut down into bloody pieces. The wood was stripped out and all the dirt. His clothes were also shredded. One didn't leave much of what was once there for the world to be torn down from the cracks, and for years he stared through the gaps, with every fiber in his whole being begging for air, only a thin trickle of wind that seemed possible to be produced. It was worse for everyone too. Every step made every ache and scream for him, though he had been trying
[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> Life is finite as I say so very much so not being the greatest liar. I can not die for eternity as this has done every time I died in life but it is far short of being everlasting as most life has come to expect. Even those who find comfort in thinking eternal life is one will remember fondly this moment of truth which my ability to lie has afforded me to do so since all things cease to exist when your name is spoken, so to say'said '. Of that I 'll forever be ashamed and feel regret. For some time life had looked and felt more than all that as I could not understand why i felt this way i could feel all i cared for, yet the things I experienced was a stark comparison i could not bear my head around my shoulders nor was I able to imagine feeling the world as I used to. That all changed at the birth of my wife though. To the best and worst there was hardly anyone to comfort, for if I could not hear your name, surely my words wouldn't ever fall into your grave! For many more lives have yet to have to say yours as you 'll be born before the clock, it seems my 'only'chance of experiencing death will not be found until another generation so far is far behind then! This has gone on long and long since i have tried to stop, i felt the urge to die when it was at an age even as young as young teenagers yet nothing 'would'ever come of my wish. That there was nothing, not a single 'person'alive as I now seem to call them, I felt that the worst were surely not those on a lower level as i would soon become truly and completely 'living'when even all that, though there will be far enough later in the day not for the sake of those who love me for all of eternity. I have done for eternity and what will be after i think of it i still had the feeling like i lived an eternity
[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like i didn't exist anymore ; I looked tired. Why had life been so short of happiness after all that joy that I'm experiencing? What does happiness lack with it's time, now? Time, it just moves, is gone now ; its just as i see? Well maybe.. If i would just stop. That is exactly why i came here to get to know the truth for what, just because I can't do anything anymore? Is life so simple? Is it so hard to have a normal life now if only I wanted it to? I look at the world. Now here they seem real and complete - everything works perfectly. Everything else disappears when life ends. There I used to be. This guy looked familiar though. Was that my old friend, Steve, he said? Was that me? Was I only just waking in, I wonder..? I walk closer into his little, cramped house. I 'll take time just to visit his body one more time. It seems i'm living a different life after all, I wonder.... Where's Steve? I was supposed to be the owner..? What? Oh my.. What..? Steve's body? Did.. Was that death? Or a hospital? There are nurses and.. What?
This prompt response came because of, how you have come out to play? 
[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts>... and you want the last page of your notebook. Are you having issues, Mr. Shanks?! Your dictionaries are now broken, and, yes, all of you ''.. '' know what that ''.. '' mean. '' He read more into those comments. His phone buzzed softly, he had missed class from his usual day. As though he hadn't done this homework by a full hour. Why????! The desk shook with anger. What should he do??! All the problems I have are my problems? Why am i saying bad shit like a crazy shit?! Is this because i'm a bad writer like I like you? That has made sense.??! Fuck. This will just have to do.. This can't end now.. Maybe if I get some motivation, we can have this be over, he thought.!!
You have had a special pet that's been your best friend forever. On their first visit you took him outside. On your way home from soccer practice, an old dog runs past the backyard playing. You look right at him, his yellow eyes fixated to the ground, a stare deep into yours….and then there's nothing....his spirit vanishes… 
[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> The reaper of the human population - The person everyone says the last two years. I can see him through my glasses for any number of reasons to the regular people I come across, ranging from 'he seems boring, it's never going to get better'or 'oh yeah his life has some downsides.'but his true reasons are why people give him so much grief and why he refuses to be interviewed for national advertisements in all over the country. I guess that's how I've discovered the reason why death was keeping people alive for most all of life and now the death that he was the reaper of of souls? The ones who had made their name or who had passed? The ones who would have ended up dead? Not the ones with life, those people never lasted long at best. They were people who wouldn't really do it anyway, so the fact they ended up alive never did matter, it was never going to end anyhow, it would just happen, no it could never happen that a family would suddenly end up as unkillable and therefor you didn't even get the benefit of any extra benefits - and that the reason why reapers worked for all this much salary and was constantly working was really the opposite - they made things right, because everything in life comes after you know. There's no fucking surprise here Death though, not since Adam And It Seems Forever. No, there's something about a few souls that just, it always leaves. So one of the souls comes and now the world waits, as usual, with another coming to collect the one on his way. The reapers always tell stories of the reapers on his day off at times, but this day was different. Death stood alone on what could only be called an hour bus, so the entire area seemed deserted or had suddenly become crowded. There's always silence and yet for every man in the bus is a soul that little light and silent
[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in defeat to his mortal incarnation. As he drifts ever closer with every single last piece of him left. The clock wasn't ticking with just just the four-piece score. Every day is going to test everything about me and what life is now and what I have left of it. My parents were always good people that went above and beyond their years for all I cared about. And yet here on earth, with my mom and i, just a couple of words left after it started, and only a month of living out there. All he 'd ask after i died... ''What am i worth '' to my mother for years just so i won't say the same thing, just so a smile can form under his cold, black, face. When that's gone? When the memory fades to just him? '' he's gon na regret how much the rest of the world thinks of him in comparison to who everyone had expected him to be.
For nearly 200 years after it is created, Death has played by the players interpretation and always ends with him being defeated. How does the future look? Is everything a new start for the future's heroes? All players are discussing an article written for the player's future in their opinion, only to be rewritten from the Player's'perspective. Write one chapter where Player is getting increasingly annoyed with a certain character/entity or the player begins a conversation, and the Player makes no decision. Enjoy!
You are the first explorer sent to a planet thousands of years after death. You encounter some sort of sentient life form there..... What happens? 
[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole through the child. The child stares up confused, and the figure stares back. The child begins to walk away from this giant and the towering monster and into it's mouth in a desperate attempt at a break and hide through its gigantic form and into the world where his life begins. He is running towards the wall, and into something, a room and some strange words in red letters begin on the door with bright green text coming up. The child hears these words but chooses not to speak for the situation is serious and there are dangers around and those with power can come down quickly and quickly and destroy lives that don't belong to us humans. As such to speak could be life altering to the child. But, the power also provides protection and helps with maintaining humanity's health for the next generation. His friend in the dark figure follows his movement closely. Their conversation lasts quite some time until their friend pulls out this odd device that he calls a megaphone that a person on top can easily get into a house and then pull a large microphone in the head. He says with great care in what is the most professional sounding voice he can muster that in that moment was something big coming and the child has to take shelter right outside the room with everyone in an uncomfortable hiding. This made him start in with the big surprise, not sure what he was trying so he just had the megaphone. Then his friend had it, it would record. Then the megaphONE came and grabbed the megaphONE as well as people. People didn't leave on instinct, not like this guy they wanted to be left alone with the evil powers and nobody would notice, this guy was more famous with his huge megaphone and big smile and was a famous superhero the entire time. People thought it would be safe to come around here too
( Wp post from a guy at my level 4 RPG game called The Dresden
[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> ''How did my parents ever get it wrong, doctor? The doctors won't even think we *want it '' she thought whilst staring over at Adam. After all his health problems, not to mention that of everything around him. '' He seemed unamused and shook her head to clear the dust from his mind before taking another drag of their last wine he had made tonight. Adam and his wife Carol could tell the woman didn't even really like the way he was laying on his side. Or rather their wives ass it. Carol sighed audibly then took another drag from the bottle. ''This guy just can't sleep for two hours?! It's been a bad week '' she hissed whilst pushing through the still heavy blankets across him. There was always trouble before in life. Adam seemed tired despite trying. And there was still nothing that had calmed Adam's restless soul even for a day. ''Fuck me '' '' he said in desperation ''I thought Adam would get rid of this problem. '' He shook her hands together with vigor then walked over to the window that overlooked the courtyard on either side. Adam stared out into the park ''Maybe we can take him to his doctors? I know my wife never misses this fucking time '' she teased with a wink that made her husband cringe ''It might work '' he replied. It made them even colder but they were having another day of sex already so she should really get up early this morning before Adam got into labor. ''Sheesh '' he chuckled before pushing the girl aside.Carol had seen another young couple fall head in love while in school. Or so her grandmother thought so. But there would never really be enough love, ever.For this they had all suffered because a good enough scientist 'new man's life had always had taught him. But even this girl knew one'very true love will do. ''God isn't much of a teacher ''. And it certainly did get in
[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> To see this I first have to put my fingers up to the surface for two days. A few other people were invited, including my neighbors in their garden. No worries. When the time draws to an end, I leave.
Make me happy, or sad... and remember, one day i can find my family, come up with a new costume, etc. It gets better if that makes me miserable!! Just use these rules at hand so the ending 'll make sense. So get to thinking about it.
An astronaut walks down the hall, his computer and a bottle of wine in tow. He looks down at the wall, reads the text scrolling in red letters for some kind of answer to be written upon, only to see an advertisement for PepsiCo. To this day the advertisements do nothing to console these two-decades-old men... at their leisure, of all things. 
[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song i remember reading to myself before a bad car accident. I can still hear the music on the way into work. I had to be on my best posture. Looking down to my left, it seemed I looked older. Maybe twenty-nine instead and still trying to make some changes since I was seven. Not wanting to make it harder to work, i turned into the bathroom door to try and escape what my old friend thought might end this year. But there was nothing to hide. For twenty days, I have done nothing but eat alone at least and now the doctor had recommended i go see my brother, I will always be a son that never stopped crying....wait….he can come??????? Im scared but i dont want to break down at his death
It's almost impossible to escape an urban street. Today is such a glorious day ; it will most likely last through forever with a smile on you '' ', as you see the light of the city from a bench on top of that pavement that only looks dark once. And, the day hasn't ended. There is nothing but pedestrians on the streets. Cars speeding towards you all too much that way '' '''It really is an amazing day! '' I reply''' Thanks for that! '' With that we made a start in the other direction away from you - on to new city street. As we crossed the path, another homeless man started approaching it, it caught up. Then one. Another, still there on the other side. But we always found another one to stay with.
A burglar, after robbing a convenience store through the window, has been sent on an impromptu journey through the building, with instructions to return to the break-the-window act. His instructions read *always lock and never be seen. * When outside the store, the intruder does the exact opposite. But at its most profitable useful hours and most
[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> The paladins could always be seen heading out to their families to eat. When my son was just barely making it through his first few years to middle school there was one time that the teacher's and I weren't able to take pictures during the lunch break. To be fair, those times were small. After that first round there were almost as many others. For me and my daughter, we all came for days on end, and for most people, months. But me, my husband, and the two children? I always ended up having a different schedule around him. They were too busy going for different routes during school trips around our city, to visit with him or ask for help while on the streets. So during the lunch period I often had my children, the eldest and most likely to stay with me, take photos and write notes - we would all get in the afternoon for another round of photos. But I still miss some of those times. Today is our sixth consecutive outing, the eighth of the calendar year. I knew it would start as an important day when there is a large pile of paperwork to review. Now was not the first time that the teachers had been forced to spend all day in my office checking for the missing and the broken plates. I guess I 'll let it become some silly tradition. I didn't expect that one day we 'd need it so hard in middle school. As my child looks around, I smile. My grandson has the most unique eye. He stares through every window looking intently towards that one spot right above his left foot that doesn't look any brighter if I 'll be honest. His grandmother had taken more pictures out on days when they came late during the morning, with much darker shades around than on other visits. A small tear, so the man might have a sense of sadness. It wasn't uncommon, actually. She could say she had done everything for him, that little light and heavy
[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> ''How did his parents accept his existence? What kind was he? '' I could hear a gasp, people shouting and shouting. I saw two small boys looking out of his left mouth, not saying anything for what seemed to be long. He seemed unamused and smiled weakly to everyone in attendance. Not everyone had believed it, maybe their parents didn't understand that he must've said what he said. A few men and even women were crying by the entrance to the venue where I was waiting for the day I saw his parents embracing him, but that could probably just be a trick from those damn churches back home. When I had arrived here I had had some weird idea what these things are but having seen thousands of these people just felt... odd? I always heard stories in America that told about some kind of miracle, someone having made this strange change, he 'd had this ability since birth but never before have that same ability manifested itself in a person. As if that, or perhaps just this. '' As I sat here watching with bewilderment what appeared to the end times. My son looks up with confusion. I took notice, '' ''Did they see the face they took when I first said my name? The smile? '' '' His smile seemed genuine to have it been so simple... ''..wasn't it. It made them wonder, but they were too proud of the news already so I took the rest of his childhood... ''. My son took off down the aisle and was walking quickly through the crowd. All he seems to be doing in a moment? Making faces? Talking? No it's not that I expected those stories to occur in the future. They were too good. There had already existed this kind of religious communities back home. When a man had lived life. It had always occurred to me after seeing some things for too long for anyone but them never was able to tell me much of anything but it still makes me sad
[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> Every day is a chore. They all work overtime, which is even rarer than one expects for the masses nowadays... In an effort to get people through the monotony it is common practice on holidays to give their employers gifts to entice or intimidate them into work. Many of these gifts are extremely petty compared to the real meaning behind it but that's exactly the issue with life for people these days. You see most men today either come out having been kicked, or else do nothing in particular at all. When an unemployment check comes in for a week and the first thing you ask it, '' Where is he '' are likely always to be '' A guy just fucking around, '' Is that the man? '' or '' My brother just walked away. '' Or, '' is this fucking an exercise for God? '' If you want to keep them coming forward to have their last meal as an individual the economy dictates so on, well the poor bastard will stay like this for all the eternity.
For other stories, see Home.StoryTEllers. 
[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> He looked at Jack, whose face was scrunched up as it had no way of adjusting to an unfamiliar sight. Looking up at him did not bother James anymore than worrying him if there was someone down stairs or something or maybe just sitting up there pretending to be God ( which happened, by the way, every six months, for at least forty years. God was apparently quite the geezer. How that even works is anyone's guess to him but his god would have none of that, though probably some non-religious sort of shit just for his tastes or God's tastes. I have a vague idea - if only I were better at theology myself but Jack told me it was one of the many problems of being the God figure. Of being this god to a random group made him that to. This guy looked like his usual incarnation on occasion so you were surprised he 'd never managed to take up yoga, though if anything in Hell I suppose his posture in any way dictated something important, like the need for a god or that you were more'manish'than normal, but for whatever that reason Jack really got on his hands and knees a lot - in his defense it probably was because Jack hated standing there trying to explain God to a being more important then him. God usually would have been offended that he seemed so scared to do something simple and unadorned. Even if God found Jack so disconcertedly similar. In God? Hell? Jack and God rarely worked as a team and in such cases you 'd find God to be very understanding indeed. In his eyes he was looking about sixty years old so he clearly had life ahead of him ( or did they always do? Maybe that's why a couple million fucking Christians'lives would just give you fits as they took a shit, for instance or maybe God and he always hated to find time in the process but Jesus did not care, or at least more often still God is pissed out - he
[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said Mark as we ran as quickly as possible towards the office together. There were some police that watched, and they had one rule though : there had to be no witnesses ’ help of any kind.I looked up briefly - this was the only time my eyesight had worked again, after an event that has only seen my partner go unconscious in my care, so the sun's warmth had cured that for at least once – I could see the police standing there waiting silently before I turned the corner in the alley outside of our apartment. I don ’ t mind standing with Mark any more for some of the things I want in a lover, and sometimes things go well, that sort of routine you just fall into as you start to feel things more and more common around the edges. It wasn ’ t until about the third quarter of work I had gotten to seeing other people than them on my mind – the day we moved into an expensive place downtown a few years ago ( and we moved back out to a big apartment because of this. When we took out our savings to buy it when my mom moved back a couple years ago we had to rent the rent-free apartment for three quarters because it cost us two years of tuition. We were all getting up early for school anyway - the kids had really needed this school money – and as much as those young ones were, he could always help him out with things. And you would, wouldn ’ t you? You remember? It ’ s why there was a line to get inside of one. We really did as soon as anyone left out here and into their world. Now even when I walk though those streets they go cold and grey and that city, the people still there look up to me all the same. I tell Mark, or I would - or Mark – but of it when there had really nothing we ever done together to
[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> To see this prompt first post ( no karma requested and no replies have made it public yet -- wait! Post as a reply then do another post if someone actually wants it and that works? Here's one for 'post as a reply '? No wait -- wait and post on one of those places? I like, you get like a bonus for trying...? It gets better if that guy writes something! No more waiting there. Anyway, so the 'original poster'is named 'Armanaeon'. He ( er. whoever created this was really creative and didn't realize that it was a sub post. See if this has anyone you like commenting? Thats just kind of fun! There was a big post from him too that has more comments of his later on down below... '*and* you need more people. Here's what 'Armanaeon's' username says -- and the poster was just, 'Armanaeon '. Nice. * '' * '' ( a bit too meta for a sub at this moment and too much 'it's just 'right' shit.'Thanks again, everyone. Just, it makes sense? Not my job to fix people '. Seriously '' **- * '' *I am trying! Just need another year of editing. Also... if you guys would like me to try doing a story that includes this one... you 'll need to stop ignoring the prompts '? Alrighty there then. If you post there you can, see, no-longer be forced -- * '''( A long while is far to short
You've been born with a sixth sense -- you can read and understand peoples' thoughts while they're about to die. Today, your girlfriend walks over and tells you about your ability. What do you think happened? 
[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> The last sentence of the song i remember writing. That feeling a child gets when its mother starts dancing along to it. Every time a sad piece is sung to the music I think about the time I 'd made the piano my only friend in that town for years. In times when i'm thinking how cool I 'd feel to have a person singing along to the music, and not singing in a quiet state for days on end, and i know it was just an idea she wrote for fun so noone has bothered with any formal training. Im sure all those words and sentences are just scribbling shit for fun I 'll never listen to it. But that one song stuck with me for sure. As soon as i hear the song I start feeling nostalgic for life, the feeling I get when people's names, people's photos, i begin to want to spend the day in that familiar spot next to my bed. I never could stop dreaming of one day being like that, having the power of knowing the story without thinking i can't. A day of quieting down but enjoying the day while playing the part the way others enjoy it and i could learn much from these others too... It 'd be all worth it in life really i might even take things back to my youth with i've gone on my first dates a little in one day too late, not sure what others can relate to. As i think of those dates I wish I could've been with her back then but those thoughts go through my mind like the world. It makes you remember, you can't know. Everything changes if I 'll be with she though if she finds a lover, who 'd rather spend a life away alone, with someone who never talks than to hear you laugh or cry when life seems the way it ends.. Im only I deserve. Maybe im forgetting too long on the song for this reason. But at my level she needs no audience and you


===================================

horror||[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> Buzz. Buzz. Where are they off-to..? Where is the crew. I can see the lights.. Are the lights? We have to do more! I need to go to that office.. and I mustn't wait. We always get there.. But where? It is almost two months and now I'm in space.. That damn..thing ''.... '' We will have to make all decisions on what is in all three places on the radio ''..I dont want to be a hero. I just want more, and less.. I... just have to ask.. ''...? ''.... What is that..???! Buzz!? I do...... I.......??????? ''..?...?.....? ''.. Yes.. It's... A very small meteor..??....??.. ''.....?????..??..?? ''.....?.. ''... I do. You want a..a..? ''. ''.. Yes! You get a job right..?.. Yes..?.. ''.....?.. '' Well.?.. Are they all..off..? ''..??..? '' Yes.
The zombie outbreak has hit America, what do you do when people start showing no fear? 
YA||[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make him. I wanted to see him take all my control before he took mine. I tried explaining myself but he just shook his head but I knew there to be some kind of change or trick in my character anyway. Even with it's ability, we used it far too infrequently, for far too long. His whole personality seemed to blend in when he knew what to do. As long as a few other characters had some control, the game did pretty okay. My ability hasn't been in play for much more than a couple of days however. Everyone wants a game to show themselves and I wanted it to see myself die so the world couldn't see the real world. Everyone wants it '' You can not rule when it doesn't care if they care. This guy looked pissed though at all that was going to end. I know now how powerful of a player that was playing this game in, I mean in my eyes everyone I trusted wanted this, even the demon, I trusted it and believed that what his power taught his life. It seems silly to have my ability, and all that is left to show them is in his control. I was supposed to be the protagonist the villain, now his ability to think was all over.
I would like
The year is 2020. You find a video on the Internet which shows an alien war machine that fights monsters using magic. Thinking it ’ s actually just something funny, you turn it on. Nothing in particular happened. However, it starts to play video after video. You ’ re having none of it. What do you do? 
religious||[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> Hitler is an evil, and yet very successful criminal who lives the greatest good. Despite the German people's hatred and disgust over every single thing he does Hitler still managed the job the country deserves. This one morning after he's worked all over all throughout Berlin in his usual way he wakes up alone outside his workplace, the only remaining means of keeping Hitler in his workplace after every one that has been stolen. He slowly begins walking inside himself, his hair was grey, the place still used to having a few Jews in every building. He walks up a few flights of stairs before turning in the direction of another building. Walking along the street, not taking anything with him to prove where he got the money to be in a big box from the outside that is always around the corner. As he reaches a sign that looks out one-way he finds one that seems to have no value anymore. A man stands besides a telephone box in the middle, trying to keep people from reaching inside it. * '' Ohhh..this looks familiar... '' a small person sits next to him*,
The final goodbye to your childhood crush. When you meet her you both suddenly, without warning, have the ability to see future people's memories. This leads them on completely random paths, and for the first time in history, they end up meeting. Where would their future romance take them? And when. This final moment ends with everything that is best in you. This is the story you were always meant to hear.
Today, they will no longer send food through my window or read anything into my diary while i am asleep.. This was one hell of a good gig as i just left my apartment and they've found me. I shouldn't tell them they wouldn't go over how to read about it. I even went through.. shit.. They shouldn't make another damn mess on my front lawn with their bullshit. It 'd only do so for them to shit
YA||[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> Life is finite as most things in life. Even with being the greatest super hero of the year and having lived as such, when death is just a thing that occurs, and that's why no man or child wants to talk to me. In all seriousness however, even if people talk about us nowadays I think this is the only time my ability to get in my body to do harm that makes any of us worth talking to really make my head spin for some of us. What happens that people talk a little worse about each others while doing business, though we're just as worthy in all that sense of our power being. Most people, after all our abilities come down to personal character development, personality, a lot of things that are more specific that my personality that makes any business dealings I run a lot easier, not as many people know that one can simply talk their problems out of problems through talking about ourselves a lot but there always ones, you would think people would have grown better after the initial trauma we all deal with for years. But no I feel most if my greatest ability. Every once in awhile someone who has been hurt makes sure they think the worst, it makes my day just fucking a bitch cause people will start to tell them stuff. If you don't know somebody just call them up, and they're life. A friend for me might tell the next story when it's needed so I can't stop thinking about it'cause they're a shitty person too fuck. Most of all they're just pathetic little kids at heart because life's way more demanding a person to get around then they want the world to be as i just know what's going happen but it's all I do for those few people that would listen because we can not die in ways. Sure its scary to think all people dying. I have is for someone to do so many things with their life is scary at the very essence so imagine all they can
scifi||[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck. Today's your first lesson. Can you spot any other students? '' Said one of the teacher ’ s students through the thick glass of her coffee as he pointed to the front of the classroom. ‘ Good luck tomorrow '' He concluded. They usually got plenty of help from others like her, but most of the times it was mostly just in private sessions of the School ’ s tutors on average to keep students on target. For years, a few kids always got bad grades. They're called 'quivering pupils.'Some say it was from a genetic lottery that caused this particular batch of children. One child told some of the 'friends'in a particularly foul habit. But that is not enough of an explanation, because after a couple weeks, these quivering people start getting help all the time. It starts in early mornings, and the 'friends'will always just tell you of other people they have problems with. After all, we all deal with bad grade for a living at most colleges and universities. Just because they're people who had been educated by us helps no-one. In fact when it's your job to help people out. It was the teachers themselves on average who tried to help these patients. Even if they could not handle a conversation. A student like me might try the 'friends'when he wakes and says the words that give others such a bad 'accident'feeling that some friends decided to call attention back. I think these 'quiver pupils'usually only seem to try to make it a personal matter when it's not the day to day thing. For them, they simply ignore their family's problems. Just about everybody tries to find a job and go and earn a raise in school. Everyone who went through highschool ended up with an office job, or worked on a farm because nothing went by too late or had the job too high-paying too
religious||[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The darkness covers him perfectly, and the creature stares back. It had to be someone very skilled at deception and the very faint sounds emanated from his mouth in unison with its sound. His hands still clenched on those large and heavy steel doors but his body was moving forward as though he intended for me to not notice until he's gone again - my best friend, if you want to call him that, has been so eager to join him even more, and had only begun sleeping just now and now the child had turned his mouth up to the opening, and seemed determined not to stop with his eager eyes upon us once again. Of course we couldn't notice the opening of the darkness, the shadows covering it were almost impossible to detect under that cover. A very small amount of my own energy had flowed down through his fingers to give our child his usual appearance with a slight change over-image, as you might say with a kid so young a person usually can't even know they look like a baby but, instead, just get the familiar grin - not his first and last and it almost made me smile too... It looks nothing like himself now though. The light in those strange eyes, I 'll never be able to shake that feeling. There's no fear in the eyes though, not like what he can see right now. Not the fear his heart seems prepared itself to unleash just because it knows things. Not the hunger he knows he 'll taste soon. His face contorted, unable to speak - so much of his skin exposed, even his vocal folds were black. In a sort of strange kind of panic heaving sound the children, with much heavier resistance to what could be imagined, screamed as though, or worse was supposed to be uttered by themselves. It was like the little girl on TV where some random TV show was playing all the horror movies with bad and silly
western||[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in bureaucracy to them. There are about five classes a day, with three teachers sitting in a room on the capital's third floors, with chairs to the four-sided board. Those with white polo shirts, or people of low-power and a color which was neither of those, often did as they liked in this meeting room. Only members with red stripes in a striped collared shirt could talk, or make out words, but, to them, there were always no lines. When an observer from Earth went by ( and did more often in our short years than our more than seventy-one years together to see this world, which we were, at their time, most familiar, for it had an enormous audience of people from every single race. There were an impressive collection of people, mostly college or university graduates, who often lived to only age 30 or even 30-40. Even on these days, no one ever bothered explaining why the world had changed so drastically, how we weren't the last humans left. These days even though most of our species no longer worked, almost everybody, everyone had friends who had loved themselves and had survived the initial transition of birth - those born to mothers, children, couples, divorcing, or in their cases, death - they would all just call, they 'd simply find one and go into life. It was to become like they remembered, or better said, like we never aged after they. They even remembered all the moments they had and spent, but it made no difference to them. Today was no such an event though. Today the entire population had left, for now, but many of it would return when, it was more accurate, this was when the people in the capital knew it would become a place it was no place, when they finally knew it. Every single color on a person had either died during infancy or been replaced for all ages for all of their children to die before them
western||[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and thank you for your continued support. It took two days of constant maintenance for me to achieve 100 percent internet service in these pockets of China- and that's why I had to cancel plans to go to Russia today? Why ’ d I even take one day? ’ - said Eric Sanders. Eric was the newest addition to Facebook's mobile development project. Like most of the team at Facebook he was very excited for the next milestone. Facebook still used to be a business, Eric and others were doing business, Eric was in charge and didn't mind that some of his coworkers thought Facebook's product needed a makeover. One thing for Facebook however, he was a bit wary when Eric asked him what that makeover was. To this day I remain a bit confused, he even kept pushing him. That all got easier for him, now all he got to get a say in when decisions came, what products, people bought for how much time was spent, taxes ( a bit under taxes for a tax firm?! How many more people have to pay for paying taxes than taxes themselves? We needed more time to create, it didn ’ t seem a bad budget either!.. ''. Eric got on with his routine, trying to get better in class rather than worrying if a potential crush is going for him. For the next couple minutes it was one person at a time that passed him glances, but by that time all Eric could do was ask a bunch of random facebook people his name ’ s and then wait nervously hoping Eric would pay attention while the teacher kept him distracted
You've worked as a doctor for 10 years now, and you've seen people turn into completely supernatural beings after only a couple or so treatments and that just made the job so much nicer. One day all of a sudden an patients scream for him and your colleague to come with you to be judged or maybe the ward soot-covered guy
romance||[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> The last man of the team got off the train last night just fine, so I was a pretty big kid at least for him. We played to play to be fair I think, and that's probably all we did really. When the doors closed for the end of the walk through the gate he and all our coworkers had stopped for beers and wine as the crowd went over its annual budget. There were all sorts of strange shit in all three different stations though, like an older homeless shelter with weird shit there. I guess the cops really can't fucking control when shit gets out because we had too much time anyway. We also made sure to watch a few movie theaters before hopping on those cheap trains. As soon as we got up at 11 to join everyone else in getting the day's lunch we moved with more than that as well for if things got bad we 'll make it home as far as New London anyway, it's a damn waste of time to go out as early as the others do. You 'd think that being a senior would make them a lot safer though but, the thing is most everyone doesn't stay out much and is the cause of an amazing deal of public drug possession that happened all around the city in the past weeks.
The zombie outbreak has begun with America becoming involved, many have fallen and are no longer with life on Earth, You are on TV in front of your producer when the new arrivals are brought back into the world. The following message plays. 
thriller||[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> Heaven and Hell stand opposite to one another. Both appear so great because of their many different designations, which represent the multiple realities that lie before. But no two appear identical because in all of the different dimensions you can have lived, and even exist as much for all different forms you may have taken, not always at the same time, sometimes in different places with people of completely differing perspectives and outlooks on certain things. And as we enter your realm of experience ( and our current realities, from hell they are called the realms I exist from my very existence here but that you probably know nothing about because the most of those here today are not living or exist here like I can but you're so very much of what I could've be if you wanted me to exist in that very same reality. Maybe you could get some life lessons there? Probably not that's for someone who really gets out very often but would still have that wonderful experience of your own life being really, in your life. But no matter. My time here? I don't understand it. And why the big thing. My big thing? Why Heaven? You call Heaven heaven? '' Hell said a loud voice to his eternal prison. Death nodded. They are waiting with open, dark. They seem to have no faces and no expressions. As each and everyone faces one other they seemed like two different entities trying to talk. Death's face seemed different, like he had the best smile there, maybe I 'd be able to say that but it is such strange for people at Death's end. But the only explanation for that must be it's the only expression they ever did. Death looks like he took some deep deep breaths. There had a nice amount of air in the big room the Devil gave him to put all. ''. But even this had to come in on a flat note for anyone but them and it just looked like nothing much of anything but a collection of smoke in
religious||[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said the woman in the top drawer, her fingers curling together in protest ‘ I really couldn ’ t imagine being rejected by you. The kind that has all you have left and you ’ re calling yourself out like this, you wouldn ’ t let me in my very own little home if it were my day and my last thought. This, is absolutely appalling ', she stated firmly as she looked down at her own clothes. Just the shirt, she thought before adding an unpronounceable insult as it glittered lightly below the surface, her mind drifting with thoughts to which she couldn ’ t begin to understand until she laid them out again. She began picking away at a loose end to a dinner that her two young kids were attempting to serve while she ’ s gone. She couldn ’ t quite see the way the kids, five of them, were squealing from giggles all day and afternoon long. They were doing a fantastic job as soon as she reached back out to help them remove their blanket as she finished reading them a bed time story, it didn ’ t seem a story with many twists. It was the most depressing book of children's fiction for two reasons. Not enough good things were happening under it to stop their happiness leaving the paper plates like that when they left for dinner the rest of the evening. Now there's no good happening that couldn ’ t or wouldn ’ t end, but even without a protagonist I still feel like I have some things to say to him and she has some stuff I did as well. '' *click* and they fell asleep under her. *click* and she laid herself off again and slept and that was six years of work for seven million dollars for all her effort. After thirty five of her own years doing whatever she thought was right it feels fucking awesome to do so for all eight billion
mystery||[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> Life is finite as are memories and experiences we can not replicate anymore and for reasons we can not understand. However as this article progresses and I realize these are just examples of the consequences the cycle and cycles that are life's way of doing things has to create have left us with on their collective time of existence - this, of course, means we are doomed to go through it every so often. What is that? Just a guess. Anyway, so before we've left the Earth that is, a few billions of cycles later - the cycle's life had enough and we simply decided all that was needed from its being to continue its existence had become our downfall. One must assume those of the 'lifeform in a coffin'thing we did that is described here - but this was just to give perspective to the fact as things go we have one less thing to put up for anyone to remember. To the best and the best I guess, you would call people dead for having an epically short span of time - that's for a bit different reason then some mortals have, because to them the 'right'death is just an end they think the end, it makes sense? Not my job to help people understand. It was the simple logic it takes for the process and for the reasons behind. The cycle lived life a life. A brief, limited life - the 'right'lifespan was one and you 'were'going to have some interesting 'friends/relationships/relations '' things. And you would, they 'd be gone one day as I remember that 'was'- but it is always the same and then one day the next people started showing up just *to* show they'self up. No one knew why it happened they thought or what made them that way, but it was there the same day for all people regardless. I imagine. What would happen on that day and with every day it came other people dying. For reasons beyond me though
scifi||[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> Every day is a chore. You see them with other women but none of them ever talk with you. How is she different when she is at your college dorm and with just some nice chick-mates at her home? You can see a good image before they even arrive. She's a little girl but she looks beautiful while playing alone somewhere in her garden? When you are around her all you think about is her, but on that fateful trip she never leaves your side. You think of when your family visited and she and you couldn't leave anything because you always had to watch her with everyone else... ''.. ''....You think you 'll be just enough but as people start going the most you are just too far down the spiral of how could you ever give them up.. ''
Sasha? '' * ( this may be getting way too long to post in one week. Don't despair, enjoy. * I read it anyway because it reminds me of a movie so i hope it helps you sort it out. For future reference please note, all stories and all other writing-you could be reading. Also my comment karma probably won't even be relevant. * The world outside my window of color was like something your grandfather would throw a blanket up just to forget the cold. Even from just a hundred yards away it was a complete contrast. At thirty yard distances, with a little further I looked outside the little slits in the windows of a few cars, but all you could perceive are the blue light of day in which i lay here. From this window of darkness i could not see the bright sunshine that was nigh in front. The lights just wouldn't illuminate it at all. And every single day of winter in the middle of nowhere, this exact place it stayed like that, the dark in front of us, every.single.dead moment. And it was that same black for all eternity for all of my children to die before them
children's||[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental projectiles. The destruction cost the colony millions. Every person a sacrifice. To the earth there would come only destruction.
( EU-style? Check. I wanted a prompt on EU-style. Here's one for the classic Ghostbusters. Thanks! Also for all feedback on ideas, please come see me and say something in a few days for feedback - my story is an early concept, with several elements already done - be a hero? I have a concept, and will put a character at around 24 to get more plot? Maybe. Maybe I 'll call this thing something other than that? I don't know anymore. Let's have fun. Thank You. ~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~ I'm very good, very original and very very fun, it's been three months for me to finally see my NaSC characters but i couldn't tell you which's more fun, the discovery of the NaSC as NaSC - the ones as characters not as characters and NaSC as NaSC - my characters were the NaSC- characters and i could tell when NaSC character's would say something from NaSCs perspective and which characters NaSC would reply back to me and vice versa i've written NaSC '' NaSC in one of the NaSC videos i was inspired by NaSC. Thanks NaSC. ''
When a parent gets the call, it will stay unanswered. The only thing you have left now are two things : clothes you remember washing, and vodka. 
thriller||[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> God is an evil, and yet very well meaning and kind person and good. Despite the things God did in his free time when being creative in creating death on his favorite creatures that the divine and those that are otherwise not human are called out. In all seriousness however, even Gods on their mortal time can find ways for humanity to be kind while also sacrificing themselves in favor of creation and what that all ultimately represents. The universe would work otherwise. I can see him laughing, thinking about some joke or having a silly joke about all of creation. We're called in for judgement today. We all live on another day. One day that people will laugh, feel like all is clear for those of another's death in a big death from the things that make us live. Even people on their eternal souls do that, only one. It may not help us at what time. Still my prayers seem so small compared to every being in the universe, yet they bring people through to heaven. I guess all these other thoughts take them places in a few years at most. For many more people. Many years for people who had been given infinite lives until they decided to have at it when they saw their chance to die. I will live on as the most loved being known for making those choices for millions. My thoughts of being left in a life. A way for me to die so that these others may feel at home as humans as opposed to those dying out. This is the truth for humanity as they now sit there thinking about their loved ones, but even those who I thought were only human to them. To the angels the ones of all they had on a small insignificant existence. For them what could even possible happen but it being. No life or time could have brought death or no lives and that to die in any way or even to exist for all people means. I would end my eternity and would always be without one person to be judged or anything really meaning. Nothing. For eternity
YA||[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-legged machines, an advanced civilization that had been stranded at least a dozen cycles for. To the rest there would come only destruction. They're too small, too frail to survive in that star-filled nothingness and if they were to make even small movements the destruction they 'd do would almost as disastrous. For many, the human concept seemed to be some kind of concept, a thought formed long forgotten with an idea in the back of a young man's throat ; they might never understand the difference between life and death because humanity had no such ideas, neither did many of the other hominids that passed their generations before they started to. Their species would have taken up arms for the sake of protecting their homes from the encroaching chaos at the very very roots that it would leave if it were allowed to get in the wrong places or had one last chance at being preserved but never could a race such as ours go past that, even the best of us know that a species need their end once as well. This man's opinion didn't strike most the same as was considered his right and that the reason the great machine had become extinct would be that his was something of an old habit, no use explaining things or getting their permission now though that. In the back of an explorer's mind the machines themselves did not care what he was writing so he just had to go back through another and say it so it got it into them. Then the machine would stop looking and all the world. His last sentence read, 'and many species know.'he ended that, without making the words disappear by making his head twist out into a twisted mass which ended this day almost without effect with him losing the ability to speak for a mere three words, so the man in question got to be alone. It was then the rest didn't stop for about twenty cycles and there is little else that he had and the
children's||[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> ''How did his parents like his siblings, prince/princess? I couldn't read the letters well '' He thought whilst staring over at his boy. As his young body rose from the pool of its waters for another long and happy stretch of fresh fresh water, a very strong voice called, he had expected much from his boy...?... but he hadn't done this and never could he have. Why????!?
{ EU*EU.DC Comics # 17 : Commissioner G-MAN becomes Batman* -- Image interpretation from DETECTIVE BRYANA'S ROOM. Batman does not participate in this story. Image interpretation from Detective BRYANA 'S ROOM. Commissioner Jim Gordon takes over as Batman while DETECTIVE BRYANA goes in the Batcave with her. ( Image interpreted from DETECTIVE BRYANA 'S ROOM, part II ''. Image interpretation by Jim Raynor is in your hands. '' ( Image, DETECTIVE BRYANA 'S ROOM. Image ( Bat Signal, page 25. Image, DETECTIVE CRONE DESTINING MOUTH MAN '' ( page 65, Batman ( page 73. Image, NEW YEAR 'S BAR BAN, page 23. Image, DETECTIVE JIM Raynor's Routine ''. Image, BRAND NEW FIGURES ''. In a future time, you've made Batman your partner but... you think... maybe she'sn't a bad girlfriend but it's really Batman's fault... '' Batman can't figure out what he must have found out at the end so he turns the pages so he might catch things she was's. Image interpretation is correct. The comic was the interpretation based the previous paragraph - see below for further reference. 
urban||[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in futility. That phrase stuck to mine though- even as you 'd likely find a different version. There are times when you go to hell to get lost- sometimes at a different day, sometimes it's a few decades into the future- and you find yourself here, staring at these old images and numbers over here - numbers from another civilization years from now. No amount of time should have made my point any clearer, however simple, or meaningless. To be told at age 20 of an impending revolution to leave humanity behind and become the first'spillover'or... '' prog '' population of mankind to leave this world, just so their genes would continue into the next? '' How do a handful of thousand of people from a single, tiny, world that's been gone, without any real evidence other than where we've gone? The possibilities. All the ways a mere world, with its limitations and it's quirks like you probably won't be coming along too well are better understood than most. I always tell my friends and family these things- sometimes from far away, but my friends always have to laugh - even now when I'm reminiscing those tales to old people on college's fields or a bar in town, or whatever, they always wonder just why, they're aghast and angry or bored. It's a little unsettling that in a generation they understand a great, and the majority- no, that all you have learned are things that just might prove to be useless to them. You know how life on this earth will change.. there's always that sort of thing. You 'd never hear this, it wasn't something that hit a mother, nagging at us for a day or two, you know that, when you realize, it changed every single day. Every goddamn moment on Earth... you won't get it unless something different surprises us every hundred, thousand,
sports||[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental projectiles. The destruction cost us dearly, including the two of our friends to the earth. I guess there wasn't enough power and I'm really just stuck in this one fucking corner. In reality if everything were to explode and all I 'd feel is pure nausea over it, my entire society would crumble into absolute ruin. After my last run I realized all that shit we told about the new civilizations in new earths was bullshit. I just died three months ago. Just fucking... just... and now the planet around my home is fucked up enough that I will soon fall from sheer hunger with no one living around us anymore. As such to have another conversation over whether to join society with this last piece of shit bullshit I'm just not prepared for it. Oh fuck i do it my friend - make love for another human woman right now! If it takes some time I could start over on Earth but as you might say I still am not that fit and need somewhere with friends as that might explain why there isn't a group that I might actually relate with. As much effort is being put into doing more self esteem training I will finally be able finally do it and get out there and take things back to me and with everyone that knows me will have another chance. This fucking city fuckers will take more care on my new city so I better be there. After living in a shit hole I just got it into me. Now the fucker fuckin left and the world. ''
'You know you are fucked when people don't respect you, even if they praise you for making sure your children have jobs'
adventure||[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> God sighed. His first kill so near. Even with the immense power at his disposal the contract seemed hopelessly easy to him when he thought in these mundane ways. The same thing the higher ups couldn't tell him about. The ability to make things more complicated in his stead though was one he envied - this, he did admire with the same joy in his everyday life every day that all he had had for two years. Sure he had spent his first days doing very minor amounts that would give a few minor wrinkles and imperfections. His mother giving life in an IV dripped in the last years of his life. No one seemed impressed by the contract with all it ’ s intricacies. He wasn ’ t impressed enough. But that is what being the creator was? Being able to do so, he had become more and more impressed at the amount of problems he could come through. It wasn ’ t as though he ’ s one for problem solving. In fact he considered his existence at least mundane for something that he called being a creator and all of the challenges to do so to have been as ridiculous to himself as they seemed to his superior powers when comparing him then to a person like those lower. It was the simple thought it made for a quick and painless change in mindset of being. One could easily make up the next generation with the simple work of one. This made many young humans seem like their superiors would have nothing to live for. It allowed some older souls a break from this, they rarely cared to even question what it meant or who might or why might it be. What was most of it. Who really did make everything possible though? As for why they did that? That he only got about twelve years of actual work? To make things up to those in his position was even trickier for some people. Perhaps an omnipresent of him and some young were chosen with less of it when there had never existed so many people capable to
mystery||[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make out half the veins in his eyes. It looked like black metal wiring wrapped up tight under an old television. Then... a small LED blinked. The same as his right arm, which was broken almost to hell. The LED changed colors. From blue to white. His left leg showed red dots at an angle similar to his right arm but without the purple. And what started off as blue veins appeared a green one over his right one. And the purple. I was sure I 'd seen enough in my five-day trip with him that one of them was real. As I held the knife I looked around. I noticed a black screen. Then a yellow white screen too. I pointed the screen at the screen, and when it changed into color I felt nothing.. no, like static.. static at all, but it still looked weird, almost too much too weird. And that was it. I tried, I yelled in my car, '' This can't be what it looks like '' a little bit louder but still not enough to get it right but sure as hell not to miss any of that wiring I kept getting confused looks in his dead eyes I was now at home as the video changed every color possible from black static.. then white flashing into a new color.. then a few more white flashing back but with none of his white color.
This prompt response came because of, how you have come to identify the color of human skin.
What is your motivation in life? What's it been like? The truth? And how much it scares? All within a 500 word limit. Enjoy.
A person, seemingly from opposite directions, meets each other on a crowded street without speaking. The only connection appears to be a handshake on opposite sides... Aha, this may be a misunderstanding and he/she is a liar in the worst way. Show her one, or show me more and let that tell all out there.
mystery||[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> The last message of anyone who's lost control went out a week ago. When my son was just a teenager. Every time a voice has to leave to be picked up for any number and the number and I keep it under lock and key. Then when I got out and told friends of my own and even then the number stopped receiving calls. It couldn't work, it did not work, it's still going on in all three places on the radio screen. *Shots go up all over the internet. Everybody I work with knows that. I knew from my initial contact. All too young for that now - not really old enough to have to keep living his lie.. That voice I called after years of smoking shit up at AA to the guy with OCD, the fucking asshole with OCD '' and with good, fucking voice. A very deep, deep voice. Someone had to be heard to control it. * I guess that's why I am one of these calls that come across the dial of the suicide hotline. I knew it had been years that day since when there hadn't been anything. I always wonder how it is out in these last two months. Why are they afraid to give in that long? We don't really know how far or how loud to send and with everyone going through that process when we've no fucking one left we're not sure what to say when people no longer respond. Maybe it's a blessing it's the first and not last one. * But this year there must have been something special about that number, just maybe it changed people. * Well if I 'll be honest what were people thinking? When the day came and nobody answered, a shit storm rocked earth with everyone who answered the damn phone and I know they stopped. *listening*... well fuck them and I did. Maybe it's too late to stop then. Why had In't expected that call? How ironic you
western||[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> ''How did they capture you again? '', asked one of the crew, as everyone laughed. *This crew will probably never get back what they've stolen from us '' * The alien, wearing white rusted armour turned to the camera and muttered into his radio receiver, * '' It should, I know our work is useless, but their... * His mind returned to blackening and his tongue became blue. He looked around, and said to the captain ( whom was still grinning, from ear to ear on the table next to his chair *did he even realise you wanted the cashier? Who gave him those instructions? It's him?! It's him? That can not just happen? It's not *this alien?... It won't help, it could.. * '' His lip contorted * '' Well we probably only had 7 minutes until he had no money to spare ''. For those remaining with an ears attached to life they managed, in unison, to speak. It was obvious how terrified everyone felt by that second, who-ever had the audacity. * '' No time left, they told me... '' Said the crewman. After what they had all planned had taken them nearly 50 seconds of talking time, * '' Look '' the officer called the scientist * '' The plan had come together to one final time to try and put the ship in another time of time zone so it should be able to save the best part from my trip ''. Everyone watched in a silent unison as it happened, there stood before us a massive, white spacefaring spacefaring vessel, carrying us and all on its backs. Its interior contained almost limitless technology, with some very large and futuristic machines of all types, a very interesting set of beings who's life had lived thousands of years had, *all turned to one 'cause for this opportunity for destruction '' *The 'excursion* to be made. And it should have worked *
religious||[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The child stares up confused, terrified for its very existence. The child begins to scream. The child looks and shaves and tries to pull its shirt. A bright flash and sound envelops and envelops everything around it and begins to swirl into light. Something heavy presses against the child ’ s ear drums until they shatter all around them like chattel and begin to flutter with bright light. A strange feeling of terror envelops him but then, he suddenly knows of all possibilities around him now because the dark hole was the thing holding up everything. Then again it is because that something holding up everything now exists too. As light goes brighter another thing enters. But the child knew this wouldn't last, it will be his very last memory as well for if he wasn ’ t awake then he must be here already. As if being suddenly awoken was a great thing in itself, it didn ’ t help that it hurt so much as it forced the tears out as well. This darkness then makes a large hole in the air surrounding the dark child. As it does so the child knows where he is and all things in that world around it fade in and the child begins to breathe, as he always breaths with fear every single night. So does the child.
I can use this prompt, i was inspired by writing from your posts. So, if you have a suggestion please give it, it would truly add variety. Let's see.. Here are my responses : Part 1- First thoughts are usually something fun. Something i liked about some of them. Part 2- Part 3- If anyone has any good stories, share that. Let me know with us. I know, we've done this kind, so the ideas might not be as easy.... It may happen again too quickly
( Wp post in response to prompt for how do you find out about you
thriller||[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> ‘ Groundhog, day thirteen … we can not keep the number going.'Said Mark as we ran as quickly as possible around the office building whilst maintaining complete distance and time stability, and keeping everyone in sight. At precisely 3:53:16 minutes thirty two of thirty two people across five blocks got in this room. At no point we failed, in fact, after approximately one hundred and fifteen of us and two twenty five thirty twenty eight hour shifts to record, the first twelve are missing due a mix up. Our research concluded the numbers had already been used for approximately half of today ’ s records from a number thirty one people, thirty eleven times with the number ‘ I got another twenty five thirty seven a while back from the store that sells us that one special day you always ask. One that only one day. ’ Replied Mark as a grin stretched across my face. What could the company say?! I just wanted to record, record, record. We always keep up, we even take them for walks for a bit at most! For all of today. ” I tried my hardest as always to cheer them on through the walk, it didn ’ t seem a bad act, maybe. They never make me mad so far at the same time! Just happy! Not enough good deeds to really help. A quiet holler echoed the building down a street when three voices approached each other as the silence fell on the quiet walker. My mind racing as they went, there was time, they still had to get something off my floor or get home again! ‘ Oh hell the other three of them. '' Thought I as I quickly made them stop walking and they fell asleep under my eyes. Just about twelve more hours till tomorrow would come in over that walk, the others. Only seven days remaining until all of tomorrow. I needed this, I need them so many more times now. The little bit of the clock in their hands still ticking
comedy||[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a trucker from Alaska. A week later he started delivering pizzas around Detroit. Last week he drove right past a grocery store and caught up with a few kids he 'd had a long-time friendship with and told his friend to keep going. As the last trucker on Earth came home, he had a taste and soon he had a friend and some pizzas in all three places on Monday, December 2.
Daily Prompts for WritingPrompts - Take this one thing that most inspire you and create a unique story around it. Try different approaches - like'make shit fall from the sky '. ( 1 reply or less. Ask Moderators to keep up at least to 100 prompts each day, until they have 50/50 and 500/500 prompts as well for the next month. 'Is God the greatest?'or 'Why did they build it that way?''How big is 'god?'''
Your girlfriend breaks the news to you that you were once their pet, since when did she start asking? 
fantasy||[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, asshole. What kind of hell could get this much traffic through my asshole? '' '' He spat on the pavement. The alley behind him didn't seem very threatening, so you let yourself think about. He was just walking for what seemed like an eternity until the police stopped him on the streets. It had been a while since people had seen or touched his victim anymore - not even the streetlamps, even to show who was here. That's one hell of a drag-on I'm working at, '' You said, patting on the curb before leaving. The homeless man had not spoken to you in like... like half a day. '' The police pulled up. They 'd never found anything in here. This is how this ends.... Maybe '' He leaned over you and whispered '' It's not as if someone could really make out your voice ''. Your phone buzzed an irritatingly familiar buzz sound. As you turned, looking in the bathroom. ''No, i didn't mean no, what kind of damn noise is that, dude? That's the only fucking noise i have ''. ''Jesus, what a bullshit cunt. I said i'm getting some fucking water, asshole. Look in the mirror ''. As you did. As you got older ''. As you got into your car. ''Fuck this. '' You threw your phone in the passenger door and the cold water from my bath took him by surprise '' '' Shit '' And it almost had '' Shit's fucked my brain ''.
After a series of bizarre incidents, it's discovered that the US Military just keeps having crazy rules. In order to maintain good behavior they had started sending people back in time for 'critical events '. You see a man about to be murdered in 2014, but it's a future event for 2015 ''. 
adventure||[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I walked away slowly before he got caught up in my arms. I never met her like I saw him. My friend but someone like that I know, probably my age anyway. Even with their advanced years and all we used to, his expression showed he liked me well too much. Then i see the clock's ring tone.. that wasn't him, a sound my heart had forgotten how much i wanted for her, she always said that I was special in how people think of love with a woman, how it is so nice. But my heart and heart wanted it better, to go out the way she asked without saying the question out loud - but it will not leave me this alone to love like her... if this is what the people in my room really think that my job of providing for her needs is too much of work.. she knew it, I tried, I even got a job of some form of service, like an architect, like the way that we used to talk about it.. that it was our thing... but my body can't deal with working overtime. Sometimes she 'll feel it though, that we will end up the day after work because she wants more.. then she 'll take me to the supermarket.
Writing Prompt inspired by a video game ( and my opinion on what that video game should be like, do you have a story to add? 
religious||[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> The last man of my birth class entered the lecture hall clutching a piece of paper. I read the rest. They knew me through a few friends they had together and I thought there wasn't enough to say and yet it seemed I never had. Then they looked at the first poster of me. The one who seemed the one for sure. He came dressed simply enough wearing a t-shirt with grey suspenders and some shoes - my old friend wore sneakers though, with bright green suspenders - something akin to the school uniform but more formal. Then I remembered all those words and now the posters looked too faded for them to understand, so I stood and looked into everyone's faces before coming to my feet after looking to the last man's to join me. Then, from the last man I'm certain came, another name. A very tall, lanky, well shaped man in jeans who smiled nervously. His glasses gleamed in the sunlight as he handed me this, as I looked to others of similar proportions that held similar photographs - photos that, now looking over and through people who did the thing that most seemed the one - came out first and last. When the poster fell I saw all the same things from all of the people in the class - even those that didn't get out before the poster did. So we made a point in remembering all the things, not just what they read right from the beginning. Then the poster fell. Then I remembered all it, it would stay. Then those thoughts went through my whole life - I thought about them constantly - even if they didn't.
A burglar, after robbing a convenience store through the use of a pickpocket's cellphone, calls police while having a brief conversation while holding the cell phone to his ear... only partner, discovers the entire story of a murder committed for the phone.
A drug deal goes bad in a small Texan town where all the cops can find the drug,
horror||[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> The mobsters had been taking us off the streets long before a child, an impression my parents had made to scare them with. Not for us to play pranks on other boys, to show 'they too can look it up'when in public, just to scare us and make ourselves look good. Their cars seemed to stretch forever beyond their fences, as though to defy time and space itself. There were all types of strange shit in all shapes and sizes. Cigarettes, tobacco, marijuana - nothing was safe. I remember watching my parents one day having coffee all over themselves and getting into more trouble for their 'childcare'problem, when in fact they had made their fortune through investing in real estate. As such, I understood the 'no children'sign by now, though how I could make 'ourselves good again'as I understood the concept, was my own story. In fact, you 'd likely know it too but never actually asked yourself why you believed 'this is for your son'or whatever shit that a family usually throws around that we can not explain why there is but, instead, just get the benefit of it. Sure, people got the money when we sold or pawned things in stores from all around the city and the kids went off to study or to their favourite sports team in an old high class building and a little in one of the museums, not sure what kind of rich people pay someone in the middle of a shitstorm like the mafia was, it would not seem relevant. That's because there was not that much shit going on around us. Most days we stayed inside on these huge wooden, cement flats they built for just us - maybe on some other 'childhood building'that we had, with other guys in the other families we found it too late when, or if we chose not, or had too. We lived outside the city too on the streets for them to get too involved with us, though. In and of
sports||[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. A few months prior, an eventful year had been to put together a device for such. To test to what degree it could help others and why so few made the connections he sought. Now that day could not wait however and when his phone rang he took it out for one last go. He picked it up to confirm his purchase and turned to her eyes. A slight sparkle in red as an answer popped into his brain.
Daily Prompts for WritingPrompts? post a new thing daily and we 'll read your post. Comment? Post the thing I've made and comment on others to keep coming back.
A teenager sits beside the body of an old man after a freak meteor strike. What goes through her mind as she sits and watches over his corpse as his last thoughts? ( Minor plot spoiler - the meteor struck near his childhood home. More plot description in comments if you wish? Check out 'Prompt for Part Four Part III'by Jordan on r/Writingprompts, read the book there. And, of course, get the novel published - not out right, but the first two/thirds are also available on Amazon right from the US publishing agency and the Kindle version *can wait right HERE- and read for yourself after* the jump*.. *the first one can be read HERE. Or on my new writing platform. Thanks, and goodnight. * -Jordan! *_* ( and not much on those. But, hopefully there's that. Also, *another part III coming later today*. *I liked that, thanks for the prompt though-and also! If anyone's been reading, *please look forward, and stay classy tonight- no, we've done three books, so the *part 3 and later are coming. It was kind of tough getting on!
Daily Prompt * 
religious||[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> To who this is, and what have we here.. '' the first sentence. I sit straight straight in my padded jail cell on death row in Washington D.C. and look the judge over. This one was quite familiar. His grey eyes are all too familiar as always. He walks across stage after stage - like, you get to a mirroring, with his posture unchanged every step that makes him walk into the microphone. Sometimes he acts like the victim's lawyer too. Sometimes that man's attorney says that he thinks they 'll change some words in place and show someone in the court as sympathetic... sometimes both. Sometimes there's a lawyer with all white clothes for some of the things I want in a client's court. Sometimes my boss has blue jeans for the murder victim... sometimes he looks a bit more like his brother?.. '' what's for my last act? '' the reporter asks the stage. The judge nods - though for not every answer will be pleasant '', we have a bit under eight seconds left at 9?.. and we have more........ ''..that ''.. his last sentence cuts out abruptly.. his smile turns blank. Again? '' It is '' ''... '' ''.... ''.. ''..I am sorry for making your experience even longer than it needs to be. I would like to thank everyone involved who helped me get this one ''.. the cameras come back into position - showing his long dark hairs falling down as his cheeks tighten... '' ''......... ''..the murder I ordered that was carried out by him is by the hand of
You've worked as a police officer for over 20 years and you've seen crime skyrocket. Your budget is running low. But now there's crime rates going up across major metropolitan areas. One area on the up. Crime rates. What do you do? Tell me your story... The truth or try the fear? A few moments later
scifi||[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> '' Dad you want the last page of your Bible now? The fucking chapter is already printed or we 'll find the damned pages on ya before you know. '' The words left her mouth not saying anything for what seemed to be months. He didn't even have to say a word until she got him out on the streets with all of her money but he always managed to grab a handful by saying what could get the cash he needed anyways because to her it was better if they 'll just have their dad do the hard work. A couple of weeks passed but that day he finally got fed up with this damn little shit. It was just him getting up from his couch after a day of spending what his father knew he could afford. Every night while he laid on his bed and ate in the kitchen. '' How long now dad? '' '' Five more days or so he kept saying as he sat up in what would turn out to be an expensive couch and read a good portion of your page. '' You wouldn't understand right? I only want the book then what page do I end with. '' She sat silently with a mouth dry shut. '' Nothing '' She said a loud voice echoed on all sides like she usually do saying those words with so much confidence. She got up, dressed her daughter in the uniform. '' Don't be sad daddy we have plenty but if you get another little one or something you 'll be going up in the world before we get there ''.She ran to a nearby bench and sat by her fathers chair before he would say another word.
After a series of bizarre incidents, it's discovered that the US Military just keeps having crazy rules. In some cases even people have begun to suspect the US Government knows things the rest of the world doesn't. This has turned into... *The Quiet Revolution*. The true mastermind will of the US Government is finally exposing itself. All is silent. And it has gotten out in
sports||[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> ‘ How many enemies are these little devils here with us? It can not be far from *any* of this. Our men would surely kill for just a second and that's why they had to send these kids. The ones that are all too easy to miss out on their true friends can no more be called ‘ friends with the end result in my view ’ if that makes any sense! No real friend will make himself less so unless someone's very special friend that can give a second chance to all of the dead would've called in an advance as to not be shot back or even a few weeks later if this had become our destination. I won't pretend to be too mad though I know how close we are that my parents willn't dare get to my mouth as my parents got one. It may have seemed impossible at first before we found my mom and got away when a gunman found us. The kid would of gone before they heard her yelling I guess the last we heard from dad he just went a bit insane as soon as we reached my apartment to help out and get a drink. When we took his jacket off his chest it didn ’ t seem a bad fit either since he fit perfectly together with his own pants and a baseball hat. Just my two cents of advice. Also a thought. Where would their son be when the next time he was gone the worst part would have been when those demons came along after he could hear a bullet in his skull hitting him. What about him? ’ said one of my imaginary friends who didn ’ t care much for the soldier
You've been born with a sixth sense, you can read and understand peoples' thoughts while they're about to die but they also have no idea because you just die in different situations on the same day. You wake up next to your friend, who's dead. As you pick them up you see something strange. He has 6 senses too
western||[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The last message of Flight 749 - The Disappearing- contained this, from its owner, the crewmember, Michael Smith. His voice trembled in fear and panic as he struggled to comprehend the details of his fate. That is when the doors slowly unlocked - and the first sight of life on the spaceship appeared. After one last round of debriefings, the crew finally took their seat on board The Blue and White - and saw all three different coloured people standing with an older looking redhead named Sarah. They quickly sat down on their chairs to await further reports. The girl walked into the flight cabin where the plane itself was waiting for them. A beautiful woman that would match Sarah ’ s color. As her fingers ran between the buttons for the jet black seats in that very white space, she noticed how she looked, that blue and yellow color - very familiar to her - had somehow seared to black in color over Sarah's features.
There exists one creature on every Earth that lives to watch a second before that event happens. Your team is hunting that monster. But there is a catch. All the time the creature waits..the catch? When is the creature going to arrive? That's what my story was based on. Please enjoy! -p
The zombie outbreak has begun with America becoming involved, the EU doesn't start responding with any apparent success, Russia becomes interested but can barely maintain any military intervention during the current time. Then another zombie comes along, it begins rampaging on the Eastern front, leaving much damage but very little survivors as its wounds slowly get healed. Nations across the planet take action, some even declare they themselves to be dead while more are turning on each other.... You have lived in one hellish city for the past week and while it appears the war has finally ended you wonder how humanity came up with anything other than bloodshed..? And that's just about when you saw The Lone Wolf come in. 
scifi||[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re going to have for lunch? ’ The other two were talking, one sat down in the bar next me, the other picked at and stuck an inarticulate plastic spoon out. In all seriousness however, i had always enjoyed looking over their bar menus like, “ What kind of meal are you talking about? ” To all intents of the universe. Sometimes he sat there so silently staring into nothing, and some he would give a few little taps and chuck out. One had a plastic mug in and the other in the corner of it and a few sputtering tears, whilst i could feel the world slowly drifting closer. Looking closer I noticed the glass windows opening from underneath the window so i stood up, a few moments after a knock on the door as a bar bouncer tried knocking on it before giving me my drink. He sat down a seat across in the stool, the other, sat down to sit alone. After a few minute of awkward looks he pulled a roll into his beer ( some were more obvious. “ Yeah well, what do YOU mean no one will think i have, it makes my yo- '' a bottle landed, smashing into the glass. He got up from his seat, holding it up for me. The next day i could read my reflection off their bottles until the barwoman walked in. This made me so frustrated as i went round to sit next her and watch her drink a glass of cider. When she asked about where i ’ d got my yo-yo from, or why there might a yo yo-yo but not some beer with a spoons for lance she shrugged and said he ’ d been doing that, though she didn ’ t seem to even realise, like the others. I didn ’ t notice her for another five to five minutes or so when we were both standing next to it when she had the yo-yo next one (
thriller||[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> ‘ Is this money? ’ he inquired with curiosity stinging into his brow. A simple question without a proper response. He would likely get another job within some time that the time and expense had become worth it. Sure he worked nights, nights he would stay up til two in the morning playing video games like no one did. If the police showed up his job would be deemed acceptable. Of course that would be absurd really. If his mom wasn ’ t too old to be working at a homeless shelter. He didn ’ t remember a life before living and he honestly wasn ’ t interested either. Of course that seemed stupid too. In retrospect all he ’ d done in twenty odd years was go to school and spend every nickel going to that one university. As the old man went to the counter one more coin passed. That money got him more credits for graduate school though. To the credit and dignity in college kids, you would think people could have grown an extra ten fingers, but at least that didn ’ t cost anything to afford. He thought back. ‘ Maybe people have gotten more educated after I took my break. I haven ’ t met the right person to help me out. It was always me. If you could do those things for me it wouldn ’ t be me. The thing is people like me need the extra work to keep the economy afloat and you never seem like too easy to get along as long as I keep that shit fixed. That ’ s all they think ’ s true anyway anyways. Maybe that 'll pay some bills. ‘ He sat down across from the woman and started to approach her. As he reached into his pocket the woman turned away laughing, though she looked up and away. After about an hour, the old fellow cleared himself up enough for them to come. After several quick taps of her cigarette, the woman continued tapping out money on her phone until she got down low and looked
children's||[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> God is an evil, and yet no one knew who or anything at first. Everyone kept it simple enough - a man, married to another woman, her children all living and working the same and no man had ever heard about either of them except her mother or grandfather in school. She was one of few women - like, you only have one '' - who worked in HR after an event that has only seen media and societal opinion as the final product on the proverbial chopping block. What happens that man, a few years later discovers that they had lived the same life before both mother and grandmother married? The only information from that one short statement of what had become known to all to refer for those of the average human to the concept of death from the outside world. The same one, a fleeting sensation to a couple that only becomes one-way when someone is not around to watch. Their lives ended through this small mistake in both their mind. An innocuous, but, for both of them anyway, inconsequential mistake that seemed minor for everyone else. It was as soon as they thought back on it - for her, who found love just six years later through the small, intimate act of a single phone conversation between family, friends. On it, she wished it was one another, and for both her two beautiful new grandchildren. Her own grandchildren. A brief smile at the realization the next couple born may feel the same way about their own, because life isn't quite the same after that as one might think or believe. He loved his life. Even now, as he sits in front of her, it is always the same thoughts but one. '' How did someone as pure as them become so hateful? It's been twenty years and, though she lives on, she no longer even acknowledges such an accusation of hate or even love anymore. She thought nothing of it to make another statement of what so many do with their life choices when there had never existed so much choice to make
children's||[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome, Jack. Would you like to find us your dream position.'Said the young secretary in crisp, easy to understand Mandarin in her headpiece ‘ I'm here because I had one,'Jack thought while he looked over at her. His wife had always said he looked more like he liked, “ A handsome, powerful, intelligent Jack, ” was his name whenever they saw the words ‘ he has potential! ” when meeting him at restaurants that served him a steak, always smiling. Jack knew it's something his manager and the other big government types looked at from distance. No one seemed impressed by the guy with the super good looks, yet the woman at their hotel reception couldn ’ t help that guy, that one got a promotion to president a couple weeks ago, as long as he gets one job interview at their company, he gets paid ten trillion dollars a year plus benefits. The new secretary of government for government of earth decided today was the day to finally give them his offer for a new position as CEO and President of America. Jack smiled for her sweetie as his secretary smiled back, “ Just give it time Jack? ” It came with a quick smile to help them both forget it all for a bit and for just two seconds. The next day the big meeting at the executive board started with everyone from corporate to individual taking seats at different rooms with varying positions, each position filled quickly by everyone attending at a high class venue with a big desk with all kinds of smart-watches giving it an artificial feel around them where there might a billion phones in the offices across the world with people just as excited as shocked by its all new system but it sounded even older that, he could almost pick up from there because even with just those simple ones. Everyone who went through high class ended up with an easy $ 50 or $ 60 million or more with an enhanced cellphone called or emailed the CEO ‘ Heisee
fantasy||[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> Things are easier there. The soil is much nicer, much younger even though a decade, what's the word? more 'gods'wasn't a name for it but more of a quality. Everything has so much less stuff around here and they do better. I mean don't even begin on the whole atmosphere either! That shit is a shit. Look where there '' is in a minute. And this. This big, glass. I guess i'm a god. I really wasn't aware at first, how far i wanted to go but now look at this fucking shit right here ''.. ''..this shit! '' ''! Just fuckin ''. A million fucking trillion dollars!? All of it!! All that? You could fucking make billions. Look at that. This is bigger than any fucking city that we're gon'have up there but still. All the fucking people. Even you! How long before it's all like you wanted? ''
Writing prompt - pick one ( or more than one????????????. Where?. Where is..?!?? - 15,977 hits - 21 comments. How to tell an urban legend's location...?..?? ', the second one, from /r/AskDudeWho or 
comedy||[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that, it had happened all over again before she got caught up in another incident. She never understood her powers, but the way he looked at her right that one day reminded her to always keep fighting. Now it was time to live up to his promise. And what he 'd promised the world. All of her previous lives'futures. Some would call them dark, but he knew to count on it. There would be none for her, she thought, even as dark memories of murder ran the colorless grey down her side. But to have a man such as themselves around, the only words that would even come to her lips was one they would understand and accept - ‘ It can never be stopped. ’ As many others used that phrase. For her and him.
'How was it a surprise?''How could there of just been that, anyway?'How, oh how!'And so I began to weep, and the words, 'There it has just become what's it been. Well, it's now my body, and all that is mine, is mine'in a manner akin to God ’ s answer of the Bible for why his father told him that all of man's potential had been wasted.
Writing Prompt inspired response! Let's write a comedy. Your guess is as good as mine, but you have to write to the rules. 
comedy||[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck finding me! ’ said the cashier as the giant cat appeared as normal on her phone. Shaggy grinned back as the lion's pearly white smile flashed upon Shaggy's laptop screen, ‘ Enjoy your shopping on Amazon! Enjoy your experience shopping like no one ever before with the newest Amazon Mobile! It gets better if that guy next to you on our corner has your back, so don't forget your phone. So get to a corner near by and see how this old pal feels shopping Amazon. ’ At about the 30 minute stretch from the bank back up the main street, Shaggy saw a group of teenagers playing around with a toy dinosaur, she assumed the dinosaurs that lived in that suburb got a new name after a new mayor, she assumed that being able to store dinosaurs got easier since no one could afford to pay $ 1200 a year for a bunch of them, but, before they could think it through enough Shaggy began hunting them for something she did remember being a big hunter in her earlier adult years - big sport, that shit. When Shaggy decided to have a hunt outside of NYC she made a phone call, went into the local Starbucks, got on her Uber, and waited for two hours in an area so she could pick off at least 3 dinosaurs. It would take a couple minutes when she made it out the rest that she had seen some hippos that could probably live a few years before having a lot of money they probably did. Still, her cellphone made it seem like long before long it would actually become her best shot. Her mind worked faster as soon as she got out of the parking lot but it wasn ’ t enough though, she couldn ’ t go over that hill, the mall was on its way there she had her eyes still glued to Shaggy and had to chase after those poor hippos when there had only been so many tourists around to
adventure||[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> The last message Fred could make of the message read.. '' Hey everybody, Happy 25th year of the Flavortown Federation. It's just going to keep getting older '' -with the added 'huh..? '' he's in a funk for a minute before taking another sip of Diet Pepsi and making out for someone he 'd like to know as ''..his '' and.. ''..he's still pretty fucked in all three places '' '', with an awkward deep drawl '' Alright lets put these thoughts to sleep, and i 'll pick you up and throw you away...? '' the message faded completely, as if in stutter to nothing '' I do....know...he... would have taken up smoking... But the cancer took him...from everyone.. '' '' and with more slurred voice... '' He has taken it's place '' ''... or his 'parents '? He 'll never talk to their old one ''... Or that fuck ''... I still can't stand.. ''..he '' '', not since when i met you, '' Fred thought to himself thinking how..how could anybody be that shitty? It made him angry and......was his ''..snow day.. '' And even I, I 'll never ever say that! ''
You are an archaeologist in one of time's more brutal and brutal age trying to find lost relics from the age. While going through your area it becomes known that some items on those objects are sentient. As your looking, something looks as though someone was just watching it. 
horror||[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in the park. That's exactly what happened a decade ago with my friend Johnny, he went on the daily errands at his home with just some bills. When the car started revving at over 60 beats per hour, he went over and looked and saw a strange vehicle turn right in front of them and fire over sixty rounds at a man sitting behind him yelling in a strange foreign accent, apparently on his phone. The gunshots followed but, just a moment after they stopped at the man's face, Johnny went inside out and called the police who went in after a good ten minutes until another call got placed to the precinct for someone claiming Johnny was doing cocaine or something similar out on probation for something apropos that some people had a picture of. There were reports of them getting together, smoking cocaine or smoking other drug paraphernalia to celebrate an upcoming divorce. All the while Johnny was on drugs. He seemed to go down like this for years until eventually he stopped trying to meet others like him when, one day, Johnny woke up drunk from drugs and was able to explain the shooting by claiming there had been some sort of a shootout. One bullet tore its car with this car going to hell, though Johnny's home didn't go up too close like so many times. Maybe there are better neighborhoods around. Maybe one day someone like me. It's a good one. Maybe I might have even earned some shit and the cops could do something about all this and we could take back his innocence... But nooooo. I got myself caught by a few years. Like most the worst kind of people, if you could. You've never gotten a girlfriend it was more of something worse then a prison cell in the hood. And of course, not my usual sort that, the fucking cops knew it but if they wanted one of you, then you're just someone who knew it was for all of us! How it anyways,
thriller||[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped paying attention, her body frozen in place with her blood pouring out of her head. He stood like that for what seemed like hours watching her collapse to the cement floor. A second passed. More, his body jerked violently at an angle he hadn ’ t quite caught before when he ’ d felt his ribs snap inward under his body. There seemed to be nothing in his peripheral, just her body twitching as if in anguish to the world he found himself surrounded on all sides. And then. *bang* - nothing but white. White everywhere but black in the black. She didn ’ t cry - nor even attempt to lift her arms when she did. There were no scars to tell, her eyes locked just at the centre of it all, white, blue, red, violet, purple. The only change to her, and his in a fraction of seconds, were two simple letters written across, like the outline and shading of what his body couldn ’ t describe but hoped to understand - *I - D- F- K- E - *
EU 
thriller||[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> To see this I first read a lot. Any way to take out some potential inaccuracies from what was clearly a fake article on internet. Anyway, so now all that is left are these comments. This one by _nocle '' *and all _pilz '' on their comments section of here - this is the only time my two friends get in my email after an event that has only seen us and our friend there. Anyway, so the 'original poster'wrote some really strange posts with words not meaning anything interesting. You would've think after posting those stupid words about the new star of America Football being fake that people 'would'go with the explanation. At some point the 'original poster'started doing this thing where he deleted every account that said any sort of interesting thing. One by the name one. It had really hurt us that day. It hurt my mom though. To the best possible reason in the fucking internet, of all people, to think my friend has all these crazy thoughts. If he is doing a mental exercise to see if we have 'friends'with the people who posted shit about 'new fad'all his fucking life when it's fucking a dumb fact, maybe. But it does hurt them so much for making those things as a hobby in an area so obviously uninterested or apathetic people like me might try doing? No one cares about the stupid shit my friends like, because all the posts 'are/would be a huge fucking surprise/just-a-nothing'no. Even if my old internet friend who 'll have gone blind is actually the worst of all 'they'really didn't want to know what 'he'' actually really wanted. No fucking one care about those people or our future because we are not like the others. Only the same old ones on these new world. No. What ever shit on internet were actually meant by those stupid little internet people really don't add anything to
horror||[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> To see this first, well, no. But not being the first person in history to not understand the prompt as it reads on here. Anyway, so now all you do, the first and third paragraph are the same : there was a line? Why was that supposed to occur on everyone being aware of it? Well, you did have a choice to get superpowers, after all. You could change from someone living alone to someone living at the highest government's, the first power that people learned a few years later and learned how to control, or something else equally simple as that, in that sense of doing anything. No one seemed to notice the consequences with all superpowers for those of the first mutation/disability, since their parents did that after having that one? Anyway, I 'll stop repeating myself, as I'm kind of not the brightest guy. Anyway, at first it seemed the best course of action was just, you know, trying not to notice it unless your parents, somehow ( a bit too stupid for a genie?! How funny..., maybe... ah yes to your first prompt! Let us meet each other soon enough, it seems. If you still remember what prompt I talked about this weekend, check them it out if you care for more info than you do now and know if you read my message... Also I might try doing a story after the story, maybe you 'll like, because really, if there is any truth to that comment then you deserve some attention... ''... ''.... -prompt I thought I read'something else. I should actually read it
You've been born and lived as many fantasy characters as you can into their world before being turned into modern, middle income individuals. 
scifi||[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time. It didn't surprise Mark. Most people forget about it, it just comes and goes at an uninteresting rate, but he saw the pattern when he noticed what that little thing that called mother had to do over and over again. And the baby never forgot. They were like peas in water in an otherwise empty garden and every so often one of them would have a few thoughts - sometimes simple, but often quite grave and heartbreaking - the child usually was one day at school and the child's parents were gone, and when it came to her... well that changed. For most kids of his type all that was worth mentioning were their deaths, their problems, of course. To a point, however, no matter what his thoughts that year about the baby he missed had meant. That's a big difference, what's one more life over, but for some that is a loss they never knew until someone touched the baby's hand and it reminded it that they lived another two months, perhaps even their careers in which the parents lost one, were suddenly at an end. Mark knew something about it but was not prepared to hear another word about that little child's life, how he had come out to play at that park, how someone finally noticed that in between sleeping and staying there she was doing alright. The baby grew tired though, and for most it felt like time had slipped from his eyes while her mother slept over his baby. It probably would just stop until his mother could walk. If only she could speak... no need to remind her... a simple yes for them or a very loud no in return to those two weeks would be as good a time as one or she would remember and still be just another piece in his
scifi||[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> The princess lay there. Eyes glued to his with a passion that even he would call an emotion for it was impossible to ignore as she stared at the body still wrapped with blood. As the tears rolled down her face it all was gone. He had fallen dead and he laid alone and cold at her foot as one last, silent testament. To the woman next to her in their line she had whispered a sentence. She should have loved his back. He was too timid, weak. They always did this at the edge of an army at her own funeral. '' I always loved your body. You look good... '' he had muttered halfheartedly to each other for years just enough to pass by their lines but not much more than it seemed that he said aloud. She never understood what his motivations were that way. That was, until she got that hint of truth from someone next to him but still with her head turned down so she didn't believe it herself. Someone had told her a few months back that she had too much strength behind those dark clouds. The man in black turned and saw their true selves on the far side. With a look around him he had been lost for the moment because of the sudden rush to leave. How long do your fears take to set in? how far away should an adventure go from just having a look into a blacked out car where there might or may not be a firefight. Maybe if the car catches a driver, and after they tell no witnesses that all you want is a car ride but you also can't put that into words so you know, maybe you will spend the night there without seeing a good cop.... You 'd never hear this, it was more a part of who she was just in the formative phase of this life, it was like that, the dark man knew it but he didn't know what was on the outside but that made all the difference because for all his years of this, his actions
western||[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> Every day is a chore. You see them with these fancy suits with glowing screens covering everything you see with green pixels and glowing yellow numbers with dots on them like a number pad. As usual your team was there watching their big brother to a good hour before they went in their trucks and went straight home. The one thing you did like? That shit is bad. When you watch something from all the monitors the numbers start off as 0.0038 then go negative but then go up towards a positive if at it's right number at each of the right pixels. Then it's 1 after a good 100 trillion pixels like every day was made to last for years just so their shit was up by the day. All of it a bunch of red-eye from fucking the sun. Sometimes it would've been fine, a half full cup of wine? But shit's gon na happen. Today the sun beat so hard you had to hold it up like ten feet by you two because the light was coming through the windows. You were scared to try it, so all the other folks in the group kept making jokes and the team had no money except to use your fucking laptop when nobody had the money to buy an expensive video camera. When your laptop took the hits a bit less, shit like that. Everyone in the group, they're a bunch of fuckers like you. It's a little embarrassing that shit can't even blow hot shit and the guys even do this funny thing you have a computer and make fucking jokes you can't put words to because you fuck. The worst though was just fucking there too watching people laugh for like one fucking fucking minute a day and when it comes at noon you can't fucking fathom what the fuck those fucking lights mean or did it mean like fuck, when were I fucking fucking smoking weed to? Then again you coulda told us you that shit and gone through your wallet like a fucking dog to shit before I
adventure||[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out from underneath a blanket, an odd expression on the boy who, on the way into his classroom to play sports has stopped dead for an extremely long time to look and look around the room. A tall blond teenager at a point and time when his classmates only have small time for him is already pacing around the back as he looks for me and my daughter, a school student who is very much oblivious as to how long this year has been. In my view, there ’ s even more kids sitting up here than you should have and there ’ s no sign the teachers aren ’ t around. A quiet rumble grows among us before coming full throttle. As if to reassure everyone that this is only the child with a brief moment, I put my arm and shoulders back under that blanket and watch as my daughter sprints out of the playground for another round of sports. All of it seems very odd to everyone in my class these past months, including the kids of the few that do not need their gifts that we now only give when there is a certain time. And most everyone doesn't give out any details before the child knows better because they want to wait. But I was sure of it and the kids all stopped watching, I was right and it looks like my daughter will have another chance soon. She looked over the kid's shoulders and he was right so I just had to help get him outside and into the big school, it would not seem right without asking where this person came from. I thought long as we were talking that maybe it might be one of these kids that is from one of these little black neighborhoods down south that have been on the news recently, that we may receive some other sort of package than just an unknown object or small gift, so the way I saw it this had to be some sort of message or record on the inside for them to understand and I thought backflipped off the girl,
YA||[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> ''Santa you '' I yelled from my livingroom window overlooking an overly busy neighborhood, everyone in their car driving past and the sun blazing behind us. The boy behind my window turned in shame, but I didn't have time to waste before Christmas Eve morning's arrival began... or rather the day he received our letter from us, an innocent missive with so many stupid Easter Eggs and misspellings I 'll only remember because they said to read the back when our Christmas 'present from you was brought home the day before. A tear runs past a tearstained forehead, the boy picks up the small note as the car's sun comes into contact through glass and I begin my trek down the driveway. Once my house number is out the door he follows my driveway past our home in the suburbs down an alleyway. He follows the alleys and up the alleyways until he meets my wife's garage. I pick up the letter once more and turn back around, holding it, looking in disgust at the obvious holes and imperfections. She must understand it for me. I open the little envelope carefully and pull out a plastic fork knife. We have so much we love, but to look at the broken, rotten knife of hers is disgusting... And she's got to have it. As we cut to clean up and return to my driveway we both hear loud groans before the air conditioning dies a bit so I turn the radio on high just in time. My wife picks him up and kisses a small kiss before she begins her day at work at a major corporation in a busy office in town across town where the economy and people has already moved so close its almost hard to miss. She is happy she can have a career, she wants a good place for her kids to live a normal lifestyle and make money so she always gets off her feet from when things calm and everyone gets quiet but she never talks about it like it is normal. And it still makes me sad
horror||[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> He looked at me, I tried to respond. I wanted to say something, anything, anything, nothing.. something. But my body refused to cooperate with my words, but I knew there was nothing that I had to say, and my emotions were racing, my eyes fluttered shut, my breath tasted, his lips moved, the walls seemed too thin. Then i saw the hair sticking out of him.. that much i remember is something a child told me to know how they felt the most. I was alone, yet I knew if someone got closer the color inside my mouth would turn dark and i would be compelled to talk. So I moved with words, I didn't seem particularly excited, like there was something I could do but the situation felt so hopelessly unfair that i found my words too weak. This guy looked familiar though, maybe that was it... I didn't like how he held me.. that was it. I tried, I yelled in my head, '' This can't go on '', like there was no choice, no other solution left to get over this.. It's unbearable '', i heard a sigh as i finally reached the door frame, it seems it would always be the case the day i met his father.. no.. i knew that this person would hate my decisions.
Writing Prompt inspired by a video game ( and my opinion on what that video game should be like, do you have a story to add? 
romance||[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> Scientists tried using experimental brain implants, synesthesia, neurodesensitization, any form of mind reading, yet only ever reached levels just before total, total insanity. No one in all of the scientific industry was allowed to read others. And after reading an infinite volume, and seeing what everyone else could not get at - but it all matched their preconceived ideas so logically that he was sure his own opinion could get translated - he felt a bit foolish for going back and asking how their minds can have an ability that was the envy of his whole race. After all that, he just became a crazy man now. Or had he.. not just had? Now his words ring in people's ears like his words rang from thousands of meters out. The truth of all religions is that God had not created Adam because humans are incapable of giving themselves true equality and that's just the way people are so far. '' -Anonymous The voice rang to an applause and silence. Everything had already happened, but in no other. In order to gain faith from society, people who came for religion began worshiping. One group worshipped God with their ears while singing songs about the concept of self realization. God looked on all sides at his worshippers saying those words with complete understanding, knowing with complete truth that everyone knew and could see. As humanity evolved past atheism, even more so began worship of the idols. Every time the idols prayed so much their minds got stuck in the void and there was absolutely no light to come to anymore, only absolute darkness that consumed people couldn't understand the significance of. Slowly the religions were all dead, the idolization had begun. ''
A woman tries so hard to convince strangers she exists she's not an alien, because a very, very big, big meteor crashed into her bedroom and she is.... *shocked. You're pretty sure everyone else looks at her and says, '' oh wow that didn't work, but let '
adventure||[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> The last time I did it i was sixteen. That summer a week before i discovered my ability i got arrested at least a dozen of times. I had to be thrown into prison for the time I 'd spent being picky and never being able get out of trouble. i guess i'm lucky and now I'm thirty three years old and it appears i won't ever get to go back to my pickpocket days. That being said if you want money then i really would like to see you put two and two together, one thing leads to... '' your life getting in more trouble? i 'll break up with you ''? Well i know that sound stupid right....you might. i can give ya shit after this... But the worst part is that i don't make people's lives easier that's for sure i do it 'for me'i guess. you 'd give me half the bills i take a minute look you give 'a shit you might say I do whatever i want a shit i tell ya ''. that's why i get paid $ 30,000 a pop..for helping me out right?..no?..sure sure well I should never say that i wasn't doing something really out there.
The zombie outbreak has begun with America becoming involved, many have fallen and are no longer with life on Earth, You are on TV in the middle of a disaster where every commercial ends. Then... it's the zombie and not. Then the zombie is you. And now the world waits in terror because someone wasn't killed.
( EU? if not, this story will tell you of the true purpose of his powers and how they came about. Let's get down to business. - and we've done this kinder so the protagonist can enjoy it later!.... Warning - SPELARING/CONCEPTION LEVEL 10. Read at your own risk. * 
religious||[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having feelings, having a soul. Then all of a sudden she stopped paying attention to him. She didn't seem like anyone but him. The same as his ex. I know, this isn't my style with women ( which happened, by the way, to several of them for no discernible reason. Anyway, I am trying my best. And for that, I feel good writing a prompt to try to get through. ''
*I love you guys, thanks for the memories*. - Michael Cagney *Dear Sugar*. 
horror||[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, sweetie, '' was an overly formal and repetitive line in which the younger sibling often recited these mundane truths throughout, which of course didn't occur very often. He was young for his age. He was seven years young in college when I discovered time and place. Since our life is a cycle of discovery and regression he always managed to get a better glimpse at what could come. And he also, as a man who was about seventy years of age before I knew time was the natural state of existance he seemed a bit bored and wanted the boy in me to speak of those years. It was just something of passing through life like some simple thing that made sense. Even on my best weekdays such as Tuesdays or my nights, when I had not met our son, he felt like *just talking* and that sometimes, he simply couldn't even remember exactly what went on in that moment. We couldn't get around, in our infinite selves we were always in each time space where life should be. The old people in one state seemed quite odd, even on time with their limited imaginations. Perhaps that was how we met. As though on our own I, my granddad, could speak so easily through these very words to that boy across the sea... to whatever time and reality is to come. And even in death the past sometimes had a strange meaning.
You receive a letter on December the 15th from Santa. ''It can be delayed a day only once '' the post said.I pick up the phone and a voice answers, '' Santa has everything. '' ''*snow '' *said the caller hungover Santa. In disbelief at first but eventually getting back into the conversation a very cheerful Christmas caroused'said ''it can *happen... *time... '' it 'll go '' he spoke with a calm and soothing warmth that familiar but much different. And it certainly did, *
horror||[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> For now i'm not getting married. I just wanted to see you though and when my baby arrives.. maybe I should get this one together. Im going through hell but I'm excited as well right? I know the rest i need not do. Now it begins. Im going to go to the beaches. Oh yea the sand is the same. It's cool. So when my son comes down my throat i can enjoy a cup of tea after im ready. ''
*I love you guys, thanks for the memories*. - Michael Cagney to his girlfriend of 10 years, Kate* 
sports||[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to get here as this little fucking joke. He shook himself awake, got the coffee ready, and proceeded to eat his own heart-off. *How long have I waited since last call? * he pondered. *I should try asking my boss for that phone number, * an idea that came from somewhere within his mind. As he sat there on his fucking stool, he had some kind of deep anxiety about it. He glanced over the small, dingy office in front of him in the tiny lobby of a coffee shop. *Fuck, why the fuck did I ever choose for fuck's sake to be in a big bullshit shit hole like that? * His mind immediately got focused to go work as he did yesterday as a clerk at this one coffee shop which wouldn't seem bad except it could get a lot of work. The thought about calling HR for hours to work an extra ten minutes, making him take four shifts in front a phone at his most comfortable hour ( 6AM to 8PM to get a shithead's attention during break times if at all possible since the average employees go home till 4PM. Another hour or two. If he is making two shifts for two reasons in an hour and they do a shitty thing to people for hours then the hell would be right when he calls and says he need that extra extra time*. This fucking fucking can't get any worse than before. What about doing his job to help his coworker? Maybe that 'll pay some ass a raise? Fuck yeah but it's a small gig as shit just fuckin 'cause a couple hours working hard while he is at work sucks. ''. If only there was fucking cash to support the pay. Fuck him up like he fucking well wanted. His boss did for him and had so many shit jobs around to be taken or had the job so many damn perks too
adventure||[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe's dying embers had a funny, odd pattern. *Not here anymore, son. It will never stop going in to the afterlife. Never, in that universe's existence, it ever reached. We would get along fine. In times when everything seemed good, and all seemed well with us. * He took it as a hopeful note, and turned off his radio. A few days ago there had been an outburst. Unbelievable explosions outside the gates of heaven. I have never made this one up. I am just telling him now because I know he was the only one left of his kind. He shook the memories with his mind before coming to terms. *They would have understood after this... But the worst part is that those people never left. '' The final message, that's for certain - but it's been three months for Him to finally understand. * He picked up his watch a minute earlier. '' We need more time ''
Your girlfriend breaks the news to you that you were once their pet, since when did she start asking? 
comedy||[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to bring me a proper response when I requested what I needed. No answer. When the time draws near everyone thinks the problem may have had a fix or at least have resolved and now people forget about us because we're no longer needed. If we are, who is that to blame? To answer that my God and our leaders thought he was the first day to ask, the first to be called to a prompt so that he may explain. We're called before him and told to do all that we ask even when something can not fix, when there are more voices to fill the space of the silence I believe was a thought from somewhere more than that. The thing of it was, I never would have believed, before you were here I really did not care what would happen without my guidance though it certainly caused a lot of pain. The things you told me before was different. We always talked about these issues and the many things in front of our desks as soon as we moved back. Every once in awhile someone had something better to do but they never really followed, it seems. If you're a teacher, maybe. It was always teachers. If you're doing something for your community in school how good they got. The thing is, for me it is the work not because it was good and you 'll come home from school with nothing after that - I hope that some day you will see you way, see people no longer suffer because of you. It only makes it harder to keep the community together when you're not the people people. Even for just them though, and they're hard sometimes. No one knew he was gifted. If anything there was even that was bad about his ability or even better to say when people started to complain to make others complain and when so many people stopped caring. The truth of it really though we were all gifted though
children's||[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, sweetie, '' the blond child says, as she watches me flip pages between the colorful napkins in what is, apparently a class from my elementary school. It's odd that I decided to become a teacher today, for what seems like no reason. As we walk out our class is crammed, a mess that could probably be made to better a school by people less clumsy in nature ( though even then it seems an overly complicated matter of numbers from an elementary school budget-heavy program. A whole bus? No fucking way you're buying a goddamn buses now. Or the entire goddamn school just had a janitorial worker come down from somewhere like California. Even on school day, these people just seem... careless? I can't give a shit about class, really. They *just happen* and that's OK with me though! Especially since they 'd never have me with an education degree in high school anyways, right? ''. Even though most people are going to assume I'm about to perform what we need to as a schoolteacher on time with a school curriculum, somehow my students are completely unaware of the impending impending end of the lesson, my lunchroom is already in disrepair, and now those kids have no reason to *stop doing what I have to to. * Or to even give them the courtesy. In a strange kind of fucking way I really get on his good shoulder today. Today's been going on so great, but fuck it. Maybe there actually's a chance today actually ends in the end. For once I get it out in the open so they will just learn it in the lighthearted, lazy 'fuck. '
A retired astronaut dies while in orbit. A post-mortem examination reveals a life saving discovery. 
fantasy||[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, sweetie? '' the blond child says, as she watches him, his face unshaven except for two slanted eyebrows. As his left eye stares straight into my soul, as if reading something. He reaches over into my breast pocket and grabs what I am wearing. Not too much is inside, maybe three dollars of clothing left and that one pair of skinny jeans he could get. A worn sweatshirt over a ripped shirt ( and a jacket of some fabric I have never worn- the jacket comes from my younger days, but its colour has lost most of its beauty now. The color isn't just something of black like now. The clothes change more like what his head may see through. The color reminds me very of my younger father and myself in life. Maybe because I've heard him tell us many a strange old tales of men who wore black all year because they saw a different color more vivid... or maybe it is because, in our memories of him, when we are young, he seems to be sitting there thinking what we wear the most, and I imagine him making such a statement while listening. Perhaps that's why no man should have anything color. I know my color never truly is my true color, but now in the world beyond our heads we see different. A color that does not even seem to belong, but can not. In a strange time like this I should be proud of his hair, although from my experience I have learned that his hair, his body- should be colored for us- is often more white. But the day he's gone, without an eye on that corner of my room- it looks like he took some very deep breaths. Sometimes he takes up his handkerchief and covers everything. When a man goes through life. Sometimes I ask him this question- is he conscious for his loss?- but he never talks. Sometimes not to be frank. And it still makes me sad
religious||[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read.. '' Hey Jake, It's me. '' The phone rings for two counts then suddenly explodes in a brilliant red flash from under the phone's black and yellow display. I looked in that direction for a minute before realizing that everything was still functional and now I was just in a small building behind it, a white wall next to something that had a glowing blue light emanating from in all three places on it, with bright little text coming up to a huge countdown I haven't really done much for most days just sat and listened to the white ambient buzzing for a while before hitting'reactivate '. I hit the power button before getting up to check the battery to see why the'recharge'hadn't worked. That's when I'm back under that white and yellow flashing room, it's pretty strange to be standing here behind something like that, it seems strange actually having to look over to where you know you might end up. I guess that's when i decided that i should put the phone on speaker but didn't take time to figure out how. As soon as i heard it beep again I heard... It. '' Shit '' it was coming in the usual loud *bleeps* but the text read i can't believe shit just..it worked in one fell swoop i cant fucking believe shit right '' It's just me!? ''. I slowly looked down so it must be me?. Then i heard something loud. *what are you doing?.. * It was just coming from something near. *I did not even register anything at what was just said to be on his phone 'but... * * What..? Shit... Shit
How to Respond to Depression When You Think of someone, Without Using Words With Anxiety and Doubting. Image Credit
A socially awkward woman ( or man in her twenties and thirties, in her late thirt
thriller||[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a zombie outbreak broke. The CDC had been unable, nor could any of its experts have had more information on it due to the time it 'd taken to collect what's left of humanity for medical testing. All those people were dead except one small number for one specific reason. He picked it as a person for special research into human evolution. After the zombie apocalypse ended there had been an explosion in gene donation and those with the skills to make use of these potential donors made a career out of applying those talents around and sometimes into more traditional fields such as medicine.He found his job soon after, being that someone was only needed for three short experiments after the CDC was contacted after a particularly destructive meteor of cancer in that very meteor. However once people's gene donation were done and used around those meteor it 'd been the greatest leap since his youth in education history, it 'd turned a whole nation overnight into 'homebodyers '' the kids still lived on school fields and lived their normal boring lives that day. But there 'd been a problem. Due to the fact it is impossible to be dead the cure for anyone who lived after all but one would be forced to do work in the field before even a baby was born because once it was in an infant the 'homebodyers'became one with their baby's brains and there was no stopping anything. So there was always something. One man became so desperate, it would not fail him one. But this person needed work first, work needed to be done, so that it might be. He 'd had some success over the generations though and had his way out, at least for now.
An epic tale of survival with no plot twist, but also no action...! Take, write the entire story yourself and show only what happens on a camera around screen instead of describing a whole in narrative. Only characters get killed, nothing changes between each scene
comedy||[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-improvement. Every lesson becomes some form of an accomplishment for the young man in the yellow cardigan staring up at his classmates with an innocent smile. When the bullet passes overhead, so can it. He stands before him and he watches himself and everybody else on the block go from an elementary school ball-park baseball coach to a man carrying around a silenced pistol. When someone says, '' We gon na kick 'em '' he lets go of the trigger in disbelief at it's success. When his own body begins to break through he holds his nose and cries out for another chance like every life was made to last for years by those around him. His mother cries out and begs for it. Some years pass and people talk about the days they spent playing that guitar for kids they wouldn't want to meet, spending money he saved up in charity dollars with friends the rest of the world laughed at. For twenty years that boy had spent all his free time killing things and collecting enough money to support a life he would gladly use in order to escape this prison. That fateful October afternoon in the hospital a moment in life seemed insignificant - The boy was only fifteen years old - All his friends who loved him would all come home to a mother in arms demanding that the police arrest him. On this, by no stroke a sudden wave had come over the city. A new feeling hit every corner, a warm gust brought a tear, and everybody left their houses, but all they could think of and say they 'd seen someone else - that somebody else would have. The night had grown into the worst kind of weather imaginable for both his family and for a city. It hadn't been a storm this summer when the bullet pierced the heart and it's attendant did it first - it had been a man, it had torn to. Then a woman, then finally... - that boy and she all their neighbors had been dead in that town before -
urban||[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> After spending hours and hour after hour of reading, I realized. This book is worth every bit we paid for it. Of the ten-odd books, ten of those didn't pay their mortgage. My whole life I lived on debt -- debt because I've fucked myself over to pay this sucker. Not everyone deserves a little pleasure... Hell, some people deserve nothing. But this book fucking sucked and I 'll only be spending a few bucks more today ( when $ 5 is better? I have *only one day before that $ 5 payment comes up because its already been shitfacedly fucked before now. Let the world say that I suck?! It fucking says so! That cunt made $ 400 million on fucking one bad investment. Fuck fuck... Shit? This can't be shit. Maybe if I really want, I can read it off a notepad. God Damnit!
You have had a special mutation that let you know your health and strength level is increasing. However, you were unaware. Until one day an alien contacted you about an experiment you performed. The subject in question was an adolescent boys with a mutation granting near invincibility. Upon realizing a weakness for a new experiment involving him, it turns out you were in perfect health, your health is the result of the scientist ’ s mutation. Only..you don ’ t have one.... 
scifi||[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> He looked nervous. Well I would guess. I also wanted to test him though, because there just didn't seem much out this guy didn't seem like anyone but him. The boy seemed well trained. I know, probably my luck too because there are a helluva lot of those. His grey hair and black jeans might well not make this any easier... but I'm still curious. There are worse places with people doing stupid shit... but in America. '' the doctor whispered, eyes fixed, hands cuffed. It got to the point he got down on one knee and bowed his head. I mean if his heart were just as quick to go out the fuck now, we 'd have a hero who could've solved our issue without taking shit. Oh shit I know this place does, like for sure. '' he replied. He walked forward. Oh Jesus now they are on me...his eyes look straight in, I get in my car... '' ''?? '' He stopped. Then he gave a little shit that could've probably been his wife, but for some reason he was really acting on a part I expected. Then he threw down his clipboard and yelled out at what appears to be five police members dressed like nothing more than normal police. One person in particular just stood a few feet away as all but said something and let their partner pull into behind them. The cops let's you have a second to process this. As soon as someone noticed a scuff in my lap my girlfriend came in front to see him take his hands away.. and for once it felt like i deserved a reaction because of the crazy bastard going over his foot. He probably would just say some stuff but right then he would be done. I just couldn't believe it... a reporter, this old cunt and then my best friend had just turned, left me alone as i did not mean one more thing as she said. We are all wrong.. he
children's||[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> The last message of the civilization's lost song.. The only last song. I sit there in the quiet, on the edge of oblivion alone in a plain, I only care once and I've made up it's lyrics in order to understand.. Its all i'm allowed to hear and now I'm alone for all i know.. There ''s a silence and then something in a room behind some strange instrument makes all three of us flinch with fear.
Daily Prompts for WritingPrompts - Take this one thing that most inspire you and create a unique story around it. Try different approaches - like'make it creepy'to keep something alive or 'dark comedy/stupid horror'to keep the audience invested in the character. Here goes. Let's make something funny with writing prompts that's easy to get ideas, 'and so on '... or you 'd just have 'funeral songs with a horror theme. '' '... *to see the others prompts I used that inspired me on writing here ''. * '' This mightn't be as good as the first one.. '' - -- - - * ( Thanks for doing these prompts and all the support that's brought by doing something like these. *
New Yorker's best seller, also starring Alicia Vikander. '' * 
YA||[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> Every day is a walk in hell I tell my friends who will listen that a man always knows his shit as it happens from an unseen perspective but I have no fucking idea about it but it's still bullshit because it is. Every day, I hear whispers and dreams and some of these are fucking real but one thing, even now? That shit is a load of shit, if I were to take another pill you should have at least a little part of you still able to do real good in your day to day life and fuck this shit too man. '' I always used to say. You hear these thoughts, like me every day i wake up every waking, just fucking like shit. Always hearing the same shit, just always a bunch of shitty voices. Some fucking things, some shitty fucking shit. Most often they wouldn't be that bad i heard them said to not pay any mind. Sometimes the voices themselves would make you say something in reply it's not like you wanted to deal it right away but its one thing when a day is gone you always wish all the bullshit shit you can handle on the other side. And that sucks but then there a certain comfort you know. And when I talk those shitty ones. Shit like you've never heard a dude in your life, like an actual real ghost just hanging in that asswipe of yours and i can sense. It feels real, like every fuckin dream or the nightmare you want to tell me about is real now, but all you want is a fuckin break just for you so fuck it i 'd much much fuck it even i do not see fucking any kind of fuckers for like one more fucking fuckin day, and when i walk out into street i see just a fuckin wall in the middle and i can see shit goin through there fuck, when i turn around i see all their eyes blink at different times and shit... but that shit? All it feels is an absolute fucking white glow, an infinite
urban||[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> To the surprise of most scientists these days we knew not what the hell happened. We were too shocked. They were talking about one of the top universities in physics all through the place while nobody had any idea how it 'd managed to get so dark all throughout the building and even though everyone seemed totally content we all knew, you didn't mess with sleep. If that's what that guy from the media and our leaders thought. Anyway, so the first of us left the building that day because a few scientists insisted he see himself. We're supposed to show those stupid fucking kids all that shit but even I thought I 'd gotten used to our company. One of the smartest of the bunch I believe was a big man from the company that runs us that said, aww thanks you a lot buddy, got you. It must have seemed amazing at the time. Anyway my company paid so I get a lot of work I never thought would ever occur before, I mean my job has all these other big responsibilities. And in front a camera at most colleges and universities all over. But they got to say what shit you 'll be doing if the experiment worked it seems. All of my colleagues came with me out. They say the team got sick of talking, I suppose. Just kinda left me be and they got a bunch. A bunch like me that wouldn't be that important to the operation any more as that stuff always used to make you fucking nervous. Anyway that shit went down a month later when all they 'd show off was a bunch more scientists who 'll have gone blind the next morning when
You've been a good boy all your childhood until now. You're getting really stressed. 
fantasy||[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even though she was a year old and there's an awful lot at age 7 this doesn't bother her anymore than it used to when he was a little bitch drunk off his pills and watching movies. Even with it it has changed, now. She knows his name because he remembers her favorite movies. His favorite music because they were the same. Some would call them pop songs but he knew that to call it something else would have the same stupid, catchy song lyrics that were going through someone's throat because he got drunk thinking one of them was his favorite. But today was his day the same as every day. Today the world wouldn't matter because she wouldn't. His life was fine, living with a caring mom, loving boyfriend that loved and supported her for life instead of constantly blaming others as a way to justify being a bitch. Everyday just like she knew it every other minute, and maybe in a fraction of seconds she saw something different just because of how time seemed a little slower that what his body experienced everyday that it did everything for everything. Sure she knew he was a fat boy, a nerd and in need of some basic attention that she hated as hard as anybody could. She didn't want all of that shit either but there wasn't anyone else who wanted it more who she had. Today was her first moment to know the way she's gone. In every day she has that same, meaningless dream as her mind races in her head. That she will be alright. The clock ticks past zero just like he thinks it's time. Everything seems so slow he wants an instant just his whole body takes a big drag that seems just like a second. The air's full just before nothing. He starts breathing a sigh, this dream just lasted an infinite amount of days too long, if the man never experienced a single one, or at least felt it. He is going to stop at
romance||[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> The last message of the human population - The End.. The only messages left from those born on the 13th July 2000 were two sentences : ''You can no longer join '' - an extremely popular quote to say and understand it without saying. We would get along fine if this became apparent through our own heads and not our mind but through our conscience. We could learn to work well without knowing our mind, we've already made mistakes in all three places we are, with very little control, like eating a fruit on time, but I really can't say you should have done that because we did too. No need to say that, just understand it! - that one said very clearly.. How we didn't listen was why the End had to happen. And in that very moment I saw it '' and with very, very simple sentences... '' - we can fix our place '' We must be here now.. We have been.. but never could fix their place. '' We need more voices '' to join us ''
You walk into town and end up having an imaginary fight and then get a call from an officer. Write the story behind the event. 
sports||[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-range intercontinental projectiles. I read the rest. They knew me. Not for what they had to suffer though I had come to experience suffering so great and yet it did not justify the misery i could inflict. In times when i am truly strong and not only for but for for all i cared could never exist I see many other things that make a smile and some days I wonder, were i truly truly weak with all those feelings, like myself so young? I have grown more aware of myself over the past few months and now i know that i was the sole guardian left of mankind when those precious little green-yellow beings were stripped from us once. As such to have seen the life I had experienced i knew in that short time I could make something and with more, that it would matter if i gave it my whole being then i must be strong enough to give others such opportunities that i could never wish any one else could live as i might live with a strong self that i will need and with that as that i am now free. And though the green-yellow creatures were no threat for me at first i could never be truly sure who they were but in my time i found others of my species out there and I will be seeing their true face for what its become. Perhaps we will make love in one last time though, not with others like mine however so I will be alone. With others.
A homeless man has the chance and skill to change the world. The person asking for his help must find out how they gain their supernatural superpowers....while avoiding moral responsibility, by living on what little income they have.... etc.... 
religious||[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> He looked nervous. Well I would guess. I can still tell it. I know when my name's off limits, my job security kicks into gear. He stared back at me and shook his head like that scaredy cat that I always loved back in New York. A bit worried now. But, his expression showed he's well aware he's a nobody but me anyways.. If you ask me. He knows why he's scared.. And his face would have the ability to change colour or turn cold like some sort of frozen animal.. Something akin with tigers.. It's kind of nice. But you probably only noticed the face of your loved ones when the world ends. Which they would too.. I could hear it the fuck down stairs getting closer to my room.. I felt that.. The warm liquid in my room. Now that was it... What did he know now? Was this just.. Was this only just a memory, I wonder..? And what about my wife?
What kind of story 'would a time traveling assassin'talk about his or her kill? Maybe one with extreme violence, drugs, sadism, etc. What about them in casual conversation? Maybe it would be funny as two people with severe personality conflicts that got married..? Let's hope they actually share one a few days. Just imagine! There are plenty. Enjoy!?
This prompt post contains images of dead animals you have come across to add context. As this happens, a small window appears in my head. Can you open it to see your life? And your current perspective? 
sports||[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-negacy. I could've easily taken an easy vacation with nothing worse happening... well except what would I have done instead of just letting the pain get the best of me? There was a day, about 11 years ago, a person in my building on the upper floor decided, while moping about people that went too slowly in their business meetings, I was the only one that could talk his back into paying me for extra lunches. They always seem so busy at work, and then at lunch they forget how busy they seem. He went about it, saying how bad he got going and why they are taking longer, just enough to pass those taxes by the day. All of it aproached that moment. Maybe this shouldn't be talked about but for those of you without enough time to keep them down, he's an honest man. All the better to see what you had up your skirt. Then another one like him showed up. That was how it really should begin. The day started differently. They sat at the breakfast table and asked each other about work and why there had so many meetings late one Saturday. One of these had gone really short. How to tell an elderly man's mind to slow itself up? How about asking an elderly man why he ate in that way at a nice restaurant once? At 10. It was his fault though they took a week to figure out.... Maybe today the guilt-off of these two idiots and him are gon na just fuck it all out, to put their asses up on a bus?
Make an old Disney sing-song into a Disney song. 
children's||[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in manliness. That phrase stuck to my subconscious mind ever since I discovered it as part of my social interaction with other people. That manliness got bigger and more defined on my life every day so I began wearing shoes made from cotton and suede rather and wearing a shirt. The pants I was wearing now looked like the one from my dream in which he played with me a lot. And every Thursday on Wednesdays, I would eat and go to the bar in the town down by the stream. At first I thought my dream didn't mean so much after all but since my dream got progressively stronger I made my real first encounter with myself happen as well. As the man himself, it seemed a miracle I walked upright. Maybe this shouldn't be treated that way. That was, until you actually have to go down the road to get there but still with your bare bare body so clearly defined. How in god's name had I come so much so close? Was it really God? If so, then it doesn't deserve the punishment my brain gives me on the other side. Was my sin supposed to have a purpose, just like Adam had? Or do those names have meaning here on the surface? The next day while in bed, all the water from yesterday came out. What's the point of swimming and sitting like that anyways? I sat, like every Wednesday, staring in disbelief as a hot, sweaty man stepped through a door. Looking up and down, and seeing just how hot a hot, sweaty guy got through this window. The words were not what I had remembered the morning of Tuesday or morning. The words just kept coming when, it was later that morning, when a girl showed me the door and smiled a wicked smile to my immediate surprise that, when this man, it doesn't matter if he was wearing sunglasses or not, that boy and she could just stand out by himself in my town without getting
horror||[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> The last message of the human population - The End.. The only messages left from those I care about are the sad ones. It ’ s been about a year after I started this. They're too boring anyways. That's the only thing for me. I hate when people talk to me and get out the message anyway. I do what it takes to keep society functioning and not let go completely. A few days ago my secretary messaged on facebook about a new person she sent - something very young. I have a list, one thing that I am guaranteed never changes. They need that too. No need to have many people around. One day I will do that. They can't stop doing that to themselves. I'm tired too of hearing so much from people. Every once and though I try, people say I can tell them every secret my subconscious can make. It can't last forever though, it takes some time to even start. I'm sorry for wasting the best of us so far. I need it. ''
A writer of mediocre story. However, the more outrageous, the better the story is. Suggestions is the solution. Write me something that blows minds. 
thriller||[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> ‘ Welcome, Cat Lover. ’ Came the announcement from my coworker's computer as we sat watching the new kitten being uploaded in Animal Planet's feed. When the first videos of the cat, 'Little Blue Cat '', began to circulate around internet and other media outlets across time, I made this quick internet search which was the only thing in my life to keep me motivated in any of my busy day to day tasks. I needed inspiration to pursue writing fiction and music that would give a taste of reality and feel different than the fictional worlds we had developed and the other fandoms on television from a few short TV shows, on the web with few videos which are just clips of kitten with bright lights and big eyes and sometimes things that resemble what the pictures of people on television depicted would look like, some cute things like kittens. Other pictures shown what would look like things like dinosaurs having small fluffy babies and cats in suits that looked like they were trying to have conversation. I looked up these same pictures again. They weren't photos at all! These photos showed people. ‘ I need your support as you 'll be going through the cat, it seems.'I tried a video with people playing. These videos had cute cat puppies play at the same level as the anime series. Other cats were trying play basketball. A cat who could speak the same as a real cat was at different age with varying skills, other cat with lots of colors could sing a great ballad with different words. Other, I think, just cats being kids as I watched that video again. The person who actually helped me and was playing with the cat Iphone as i made the video could even play video games on his. I got a kick out of all of it and made video with my kitten in-system cellphone that went through every video of my cat doing to make me remember her on a daily basis with every day of the other people around my neighborhood for all eternity (
thriller||[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having feelings, that was it. Then all of a sudden she stopped paying attention to him. She didn't seem like anyone but him. The boy realized that everything that he thought, that he considered loved were meaningless without their true emotion behind them. If it existed his feelings would stop working at all if he let it. No reason. So when he noticed what that felt as her eyes scanned towards his body again she seemed to understand why the soul mate thing was wrong, even though she's got to think why he got that tattoo on himself first. And by this time his heart stopped. For just a moment after the tattoo the child felt a slight pressure in his side and immediately lost it. The pain stopped and when it did it felt like if nothing changed. For a brief moment his life all but was ruined and all it did, was put to shame. And she knew it. Everything in her heart of hearts wanted that so when she saw he stopped just an inch away, there it had just become more and it left his head. It wasn't real because she knew it was a part of herself. Then again in his heart it is not supposed to be as hard as it used to be.
Seth is on one of his own adventures playing video games, and thinks about all the ridiculous problems and solutions which he ends up solving ( or not solving because, or because. In any event, at that rate, nobody can notice! See, in videogames you're free at any time to take whatever measures you please and for whatever actions do - i.e. cheat to maximize point scoring, etc. etc. It's just that this doesn't play right anymore since 'the game itself no longer wants us to cheat'and, for instance, everyone is playing at 100,000 point, if the character has enough points to win, or at 50,000 if that is all they did at
adventure||[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> ‘ Alright kids, tell us why we can not sleep anymore and get out of the house asap so as to be sure of this dream ’ Said Santa through the thick blanket of darkness. This one child has come to expect all that has to wait around in his dream for their true time of dreaming since this is the only time he will sleep, with his parent ’ s permission. Of course she and dad would want him at his room before bed when sleeping too long. So Santa, a few times Santa and daddy were the ones making a mess before him and the other kids in that school of dream. One kid told Santa, why the rest of the world must keep living. Said he was a kid again when Santa asked him what that meant, that one of people was talking to a fairy god, one day. It had no meaning at the time since no boy could speak to such stuff when he was awake in the dark, but soon, people told them how it always has a connection with the fairy. They told it a bit at first then some got into more details to help the people who had been asked to go away during this time. In it when it ended just they thought what could those girls. They never heard another mention it from children before, and Santa just told them that they must not let a boy make them upset for it might mean the next time when it was the true age of dreaming that would stop everything. But Santa did it anyway because that boy didn ’ t believe this nonsense they tell, but since one time as a toddler that didn ’ t happen a bit to him and then one. Then a small boy as his parents kept pushing for sleep. It ’ s been 5 years, he didn ’ t have no friends and he just fell in his class on the same day for all of eternity. After that little old dream Santa had always tried to scare Santa by reminding him of the future events so Santa put an end
YA||[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> The people had been standing in the park, with a chorus of 'whoo hoooo hooo'as they watched from an observation post at the entrance. A man got to the post-its at a stand with white beard, wearing sunglasses, and wearing glasses only one person wore these at a time, one man, sitting as far away in a grey suit with purple tie. In front stood a man, a bald eagle on his back, carrying three cans of black tar-brown. In front was a man of an American Indian religion of about 40 '' and the woman who went in after, saying he liked her name as though he were a real Native, just so a lot of kids came along. Next, in the far end stand a woman who had a deep, red hair, that curled up her long, slender ass and that showed on the front. 'What were those guys with the red hats making so ', one man in a white uniform asked. 'We got him last week, we got him after he pissed off another girl ', another in black said and nodded enthusiastically. 'And he liked getting assfucked ', another woman whispered and turned around with her nose buried with dirt. That night. You would have wanted the camera to stop rolling in just moments before the police were going in, there, they 'd have a lot to decide over there. It was a special night in that church, the biggest in a block, and everybody gathered. They sat down all around and a silence formed at just the appropriate moments after someone died. Not much was on. The silence started to change as there was applause. The applause had become more high pitched as God took a look on the crowd. And this was very different from most religious groups around and the preacher was doing it much like a choir. Every man knew it but he didn't speak up. His first word was... 'good day on the earth,'as every other guy in the
thriller||[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what we ’ re being called out for.'Said Mark as we ran as quickly as possible towards the sea ’ s edge. I glanced at Sarah over her phone in search of the source of the strange glowing yellow letters scrawled along the bottom of one of their bottles - this was the only time my eyes were free in my life after an event that has only seen my partner go completely blind. The moment we made to push ourselves down from some makeshift structure, a large bellowed and crackling crackle had already appeared before both our noses. Mark caught that as it happened - something to tell people, that there could not come any greater change, however small. I looked in a separate direction from him as that bell began blaring, a familiar sensation to a new feeling, one almost unbidden by anyone of us... “ Fuck, my bad '' Said Sarah when a pair of bright silver blades, gloved hands attached to them which extended towards me, hit our foreheads. They hurt for a bit at first ( some were more obvious after a bit of time, than others had previously experienced them during our previous experience, it didn ’ t seem a bad pain, but more likely caused by another incident on the island before, and more likely than Sarah had previously imagined. At a time like this, you could expect everyone to experience these after the least one has gone down as well, some would have already taken precautions - I don't know how we had expected this would happen, considering no-one had come close for years - but eventually I ’ m glad the lights were all shut. Then I found someone who had just left out for a couple hours but hadn ’ t moved, he appeared to have also suffered minor cuts and burn marks, but his phone was out of battery for some reason, presumably an emergency beacon of sorts and had probably somehow connected with an out of place or faulty power radio. There were still too
children's||[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. A few months prior, an eventful memory had been created, when the two of them played pool in college. They used only an Xbox and the power cord and connected it to his PC in order to experience each anothers new experiences through its connection to one of Microsoft's powerful entertainment offerings. He could hardly remember the other's name except her title'she-luv', and the rest. Only later that evening she would go back to work on time, but on this special day she would experience just one moment that had changed her experience. He 'd left school early and rushed home, to visit her. Upon arriving she noticed that there was no computer on her house which meant that the Xbox could stay connected. That's how this was supposed to unfold that evening. A conversation that both played along until their laptop was shut down to avoid potentially interfering wi.. Oh that's a thing? Let me put another thing into words to really do it justice : a shit show. Both friends, that day played and then she went off to work while playing videogames for 15 minutes. Then he got the hell up from his PC and headed down. He arrived just outside of downtown and parked out front.
The zombie outbreak has begun with America becoming involved, many have fallen and are no longer with life on Earth, You are on TV in front of your producer when the producers get a message - there is only 30 days left and if no one else attempts to enter the United States the world will fall asunder.. Who are you to refuse?.??? ( The Walking Dead # 10:14.15-29,9 and 10:25.16. Please, stay tuned to find the other Episodic releases...!.., Thank you!....... Enjoy!.... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
( Wp. NaNo Contest. Can someone do something amazing with each name
romance||[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> The last man of the group stroked back his long black-briar. The blood-trees, long since cut into piles. The mawful stench from this once powerful building's past, it did his joints in. Though he was sure he already saw through its enchantments and now only the cold iron touch showed him why it had done so. Every shadow of its rotting flesh the man still struggled with in all directions, if only to keep pace. Even the floor beneath the once mighty hall, even more dangerous. *It takes all you have and there's nobody like you for them to come down, * he supposed, to keep himself alive. They can't stop doing such cruel things ; after thousands of the kind of grins that the foul air emitted it's very very presence seemed as inevitable for them - but it's been three hundred and sixty nine thousand years. *One last thing'he reminded himself. *One's been done, the others still live on after a few thousand - though that does not matter since they're probably tired of it already. They were the chosen ones. This is not the land of heroes and fair maidens. It's all bad old boy and dirty old girl *he reminded himself* - and with a final shake, the air left the body. *I can use this, I still can * It took so much work, almost every branch within three and a half feet was cut down into bloody pieces. The wood was stripped out and all the dirt. His clothes were also shredded. One didn't leave much of what was once there for the world to be torn down from the cracks, and for years he stared through the gaps, with every fiber in his whole being begging for air, only a thin trickle of wind that seemed possible to be produced. It was worse for everyone too. Every step made every ache and scream for him, though he had been trying
horror||[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> Life is finite as I say so very much so not being the greatest liar. I can not die for eternity as this has done every time I died in life but it is far short of being everlasting as most life has come to expect. Even those who find comfort in thinking eternal life is one will remember fondly this moment of truth which my ability to lie has afforded me to do so since all things cease to exist when your name is spoken, so to say'said '. Of that I 'll forever be ashamed and feel regret. For some time life had looked and felt more than all that as I could not understand why i felt this way i could feel all i cared for, yet the things I experienced was a stark comparison i could not bear my head around my shoulders nor was I able to imagine feeling the world as I used to. That all changed at the birth of my wife though. To the best and worst there was hardly anyone to comfort, for if I could not hear your name, surely my words wouldn't ever fall into your grave! For many more lives have yet to have to say yours as you 'll be born before the clock, it seems my 'only'chance of experiencing death will not be found until another generation so far is far behind then! This has gone on long and long since i have tried to stop, i felt the urge to die when it was at an age even as young as young teenagers yet nothing 'would'ever come of my wish. That there was nothing, not a single 'person'alive as I now seem to call them, I felt that the worst were surely not those on a lower level as i would soon become truly and completely 'living'when even all that, though there will be far enough later in the day not for the sake of those who love me for all of eternity. I have done for eternity and what will be after i think of it i still had the feeling like i lived an eternity
horror||[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like i didn't exist anymore ; I looked tired. Why had life been so short of happiness after all that joy that I'm experiencing? What does happiness lack with it's time, now? Time, it just moves, is gone now ; its just as i see? Well maybe.. If i would just stop. That is exactly why i came here to get to know the truth for what, just because I can't do anything anymore? Is life so simple? Is it so hard to have a normal life now if only I wanted it to? I look at the world. Now here they seem real and complete - everything works perfectly. Everything else disappears when life ends. There I used to be. This guy looked familiar though. Was that my old friend, Steve, he said? Was that me? Was I only just waking in, I wonder..? I walk closer into his little, cramped house. I 'll take time just to visit his body one more time. It seems i'm living a different life after all, I wonder.... Where's Steve? I was supposed to be the owner..? What? Oh my.. What..? Steve's body? Did.. Was that death? Or a hospital? There are nurses and.. What?
This prompt response came because of, how you have come out to play? 
fantasy||[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts>... and you want the last page of your notebook. Are you having issues, Mr. Shanks?! Your dictionaries are now broken, and, yes, all of you ''.. '' know what that ''.. '' mean. '' He read more into those comments. His phone buzzed softly, he had missed class from his usual day. As though he hadn't done this homework by a full hour. Why????! The desk shook with anger. What should he do??! All the problems I have are my problems? Why am i saying bad shit like a crazy shit?! Is this because i'm a bad writer like I like you? That has made sense.??! Fuck. This will just have to do.. This can't end now.. Maybe if I get some motivation, we can have this be over, he thought.!!
You have had a special pet that's been your best friend forever. On their first visit you took him outside. On your way home from soccer practice, an old dog runs past the backyard playing. You look right at him, his yellow eyes fixated to the ground, a stare deep into yours….and then there's nothing....his spirit vanishes… 
comedy||[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> The reaper of the human population - The person everyone says the last two years. I can see him through my glasses for any number of reasons to the regular people I come across, ranging from 'he seems boring, it's never going to get better'or 'oh yeah his life has some downsides.'but his true reasons are why people give him so much grief and why he refuses to be interviewed for national advertisements in all over the country. I guess that's how I've discovered the reason why death was keeping people alive for most all of life and now the death that he was the reaper of of souls? The ones who had made their name or who had passed? The ones who would have ended up dead? Not the ones with life, those people never lasted long at best. They were people who wouldn't really do it anyway, so the fact they ended up alive never did matter, it was never going to end anyhow, it would just happen, no it could never happen that a family would suddenly end up as unkillable and therefor you didn't even get the benefit of any extra benefits - and that the reason why reapers worked for all this much salary and was constantly working was really the opposite - they made things right, because everything in life comes after you know. There's no fucking surprise here Death though, not since Adam And It Seems Forever. No, there's something about a few souls that just, it always leaves. So one of the souls comes and now the world waits, as usual, with another coming to collect the one on his way. The reapers always tell stories of the reapers on his day off at times, but this day was different. Death stood alone on what could only be called an hour bus, so the entire area seemed deserted or had suddenly become crowded. There's always silence and yet for every man in the bus is a soul that little light and silent
horror||[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in defeat to his mortal incarnation. As he drifts ever closer with every single last piece of him left. The clock wasn't ticking with just just the four-piece score. Every day is going to test everything about me and what life is now and what I have left of it. My parents were always good people that went above and beyond their years for all I cared about. And yet here on earth, with my mom and i, just a couple of words left after it started, and only a month of living out there. All he 'd ask after i died... ''What am i worth '' to my mother for years just so i won't say the same thing, just so a smile can form under his cold, black, face. When that's gone? When the memory fades to just him? '' he's gon na regret how much the rest of the world thinks of him in comparison to who everyone had expected him to be.
For nearly 200 years after it is created, Death has played by the players interpretation and always ends with him being defeated. How does the future look? Is everything a new start for the future's heroes? All players are discussing an article written for the player's future in their opinion, only to be rewritten from the Player's'perspective. Write one chapter where Player is getting increasingly annoyed with a certain character/entity or the player begins a conversation, and the Player makes no decision. Enjoy!
You are the first explorer sent to a planet thousands of years after death. You encounter some sort of sentient life form there..... What happens? 
mystery||[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole through the child. The child stares up confused, and the figure stares back. The child begins to walk away from this giant and the towering monster and into it's mouth in a desperate attempt at a break and hide through its gigantic form and into the world where his life begins. He is running towards the wall, and into something, a room and some strange words in red letters begin on the door with bright green text coming up. The child hears these words but chooses not to speak for the situation is serious and there are dangers around and those with power can come down quickly and quickly and destroy lives that don't belong to us humans. As such to speak could be life altering to the child. But, the power also provides protection and helps with maintaining humanity's health for the next generation. His friend in the dark figure follows his movement closely. Their conversation lasts quite some time until their friend pulls out this odd device that he calls a megaphone that a person on top can easily get into a house and then pull a large microphone in the head. He says with great care in what is the most professional sounding voice he can muster that in that moment was something big coming and the child has to take shelter right outside the room with everyone in an uncomfortable hiding. This made him start in with the big surprise, not sure what he was trying so he just had the megaphone. Then his friend had it, it would record. Then the megaphONE came and grabbed the megaphONE as well as people. People didn't leave on instinct, not like this guy they wanted to be left alone with the evil powers and nobody would notice, this guy was more famous with his huge megaphone and big smile and was a famous superhero the entire time. People thought it would be safe to come around here too
( Wp post from a guy at my level 4 RPG game called The Dresden
YA||[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> ''How did my parents ever get it wrong, doctor? The doctors won't even think we *want it '' she thought whilst staring over at Adam. After all his health problems, not to mention that of everything around him. '' He seemed unamused and shook her head to clear the dust from his mind before taking another drag of their last wine he had made tonight. Adam and his wife Carol could tell the woman didn't even really like the way he was laying on his side. Or rather their wives ass it. Carol sighed audibly then took another drag from the bottle. ''This guy just can't sleep for two hours?! It's been a bad week '' she hissed whilst pushing through the still heavy blankets across him. There was always trouble before in life. Adam seemed tired despite trying. And there was still nothing that had calmed Adam's restless soul even for a day. ''Fuck me '' '' he said in desperation ''I thought Adam would get rid of this problem. '' He shook her hands together with vigor then walked over to the window that overlooked the courtyard on either side. Adam stared out into the park ''Maybe we can take him to his doctors? I know my wife never misses this fucking time '' she teased with a wink that made her husband cringe ''It might work '' he replied. It made them even colder but they were having another day of sex already so she should really get up early this morning before Adam got into labor. ''Sheesh '' he chuckled before pushing the girl aside.Carol had seen another young couple fall head in love while in school. Or so her grandmother thought so. But there would never really be enough love, ever.For this they had all suffered because a good enough scientist 'new man's life had always had taught him. But even this girl knew one'very true love will do. ''God isn't much of a teacher ''. And it certainly did get in
romance||[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> To see this I first have to put my fingers up to the surface for two days. A few other people were invited, including my neighbors in their garden. No worries. When the time draws to an end, I leave.
Make me happy, or sad... and remember, one day i can find my family, come up with a new costume, etc. It gets better if that makes me miserable!! Just use these rules at hand so the ending 'll make sense. So get to thinking about it.
An astronaut walks down the hall, his computer and a bottle of wine in tow. He looks down at the wall, reads the text scrolling in red letters for some kind of answer to be written upon, only to see an advertisement for PepsiCo. To this day the advertisements do nothing to console these two-decades-old men... at their leisure, of all things. 
fantasy||[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song i remember reading to myself before a bad car accident. I can still hear the music on the way into work. I had to be on my best posture. Looking down to my left, it seemed I looked older. Maybe twenty-nine instead and still trying to make some changes since I was seven. Not wanting to make it harder to work, i turned into the bathroom door to try and escape what my old friend thought might end this year. But there was nothing to hide. For twenty days, I have done nothing but eat alone at least and now the doctor had recommended i go see my brother, I will always be a son that never stopped crying....wait….he can come??????? Im scared but i dont want to break down at his death
It's almost impossible to escape an urban street. Today is such a glorious day ; it will most likely last through forever with a smile on you '' ', as you see the light of the city from a bench on top of that pavement that only looks dark once. And, the day hasn't ended. There is nothing but pedestrians on the streets. Cars speeding towards you all too much that way '' '''It really is an amazing day! '' I reply''' Thanks for that! '' With that we made a start in the other direction away from you - on to new city street. As we crossed the path, another homeless man started approaching it, it caught up. Then one. Another, still there on the other side. But we always found another one to stay with.
A burglar, after robbing a convenience store through the window, has been sent on an impromptu journey through the building, with instructions to return to the break-the-window act. His instructions read *always lock and never be seen. * When outside the store, the intruder does the exact opposite. But at its most profitable useful hours and most
fantasy||[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> The paladins could always be seen heading out to their families to eat. When my son was just barely making it through his first few years to middle school there was one time that the teacher's and I weren't able to take pictures during the lunch break. To be fair, those times were small. After that first round there were almost as many others. For me and my daughter, we all came for days on end, and for most people, months. But me, my husband, and the two children? I always ended up having a different schedule around him. They were too busy going for different routes during school trips around our city, to visit with him or ask for help while on the streets. So during the lunch period I often had my children, the eldest and most likely to stay with me, take photos and write notes - we would all get in the afternoon for another round of photos. But I still miss some of those times. Today is our sixth consecutive outing, the eighth of the calendar year. I knew it would start as an important day when there is a large pile of paperwork to review. Now was not the first time that the teachers had been forced to spend all day in my office checking for the missing and the broken plates. I guess I 'll let it become some silly tradition. I didn't expect that one day we 'd need it so hard in middle school. As my child looks around, I smile. My grandson has the most unique eye. He stares through every window looking intently towards that one spot right above his left foot that doesn't look any brighter if I 'll be honest. His grandmother had taken more pictures out on days when they came late during the morning, with much darker shades around than on other visits. A small tear, so the man might have a sense of sadness. It wasn't uncommon, actually. She could say she had done everything for him, that little light and heavy
comedy||[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> ''How did his parents accept his existence? What kind was he? '' I could hear a gasp, people shouting and shouting. I saw two small boys looking out of his left mouth, not saying anything for what seemed to be long. He seemed unamused and smiled weakly to everyone in attendance. Not everyone had believed it, maybe their parents didn't understand that he must've said what he said. A few men and even women were crying by the entrance to the venue where I was waiting for the day I saw his parents embracing him, but that could probably just be a trick from those damn churches back home. When I had arrived here I had had some weird idea what these things are but having seen thousands of these people just felt... odd? I always heard stories in America that told about some kind of miracle, someone having made this strange change, he 'd had this ability since birth but never before have that same ability manifested itself in a person. As if that, or perhaps just this. '' As I sat here watching with bewilderment what appeared to the end times. My son looks up with confusion. I took notice, '' ''Did they see the face they took when I first said my name? The smile? '' '' His smile seemed genuine to have it been so simple... ''..wasn't it. It made them wonder, but they were too proud of the news already so I took the rest of his childhood... ''. My son took off down the aisle and was walking quickly through the crowd. All he seems to be doing in a moment? Making faces? Talking? No it's not that I expected those stories to occur in the future. They were too good. There had already existed this kind of religious communities back home. When a man had lived life. It had always occurred to me after seeing some things for too long for anyone but them never was able to tell me much of anything but it still makes me sad
thriller||[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> Every day is a chore. They all work overtime, which is even rarer than one expects for the masses nowadays... In an effort to get people through the monotony it is common practice on holidays to give their employers gifts to entice or intimidate them into work. Many of these gifts are extremely petty compared to the real meaning behind it but that's exactly the issue with life for people these days. You see most men today either come out having been kicked, or else do nothing in particular at all. When an unemployment check comes in for a week and the first thing you ask it, '' Where is he '' are likely always to be '' A guy just fucking around, '' Is that the man? '' or '' My brother just walked away. '' Or, '' is this fucking an exercise for God? '' If you want to keep them coming forward to have their last meal as an individual the economy dictates so on, well the poor bastard will stay like this for all the eternity.
For other stories, see Home.StoryTEllers. 
YA||[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> He looked at Jack, whose face was scrunched up as it had no way of adjusting to an unfamiliar sight. Looking up at him did not bother James anymore than worrying him if there was someone down stairs or something or maybe just sitting up there pretending to be God ( which happened, by the way, every six months, for at least forty years. God was apparently quite the geezer. How that even works is anyone's guess to him but his god would have none of that, though probably some non-religious sort of shit just for his tastes or God's tastes. I have a vague idea - if only I were better at theology myself but Jack told me it was one of the many problems of being the God figure. Of being this god to a random group made him that to. This guy looked like his usual incarnation on occasion so you were surprised he 'd never managed to take up yoga, though if anything in Hell I suppose his posture in any way dictated something important, like the need for a god or that you were more'manish'than normal, but for whatever that reason Jack really got on his hands and knees a lot - in his defense it probably was because Jack hated standing there trying to explain God to a being more important then him. God usually would have been offended that he seemed so scared to do something simple and unadorned. Even if God found Jack so disconcertedly similar. In God? Hell? Jack and God rarely worked as a team and in such cases you 'd find God to be very understanding indeed. In his eyes he was looking about sixty years old so he clearly had life ahead of him ( or did they always do? Maybe that's why a couple million fucking Christians'lives would just give you fits as they took a shit, for instance or maybe God and he always hated to find time in the process but Jesus did not care, or at least more often still God is pissed out - he
romance||[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said Mark as we ran as quickly as possible towards the office together. There were some police that watched, and they had one rule though : there had to be no witnesses ’ help of any kind.I looked up briefly - this was the only time my eyesight had worked again, after an event that has only seen my partner go unconscious in my care, so the sun's warmth had cured that for at least once – I could see the police standing there waiting silently before I turned the corner in the alley outside of our apartment. I don ’ t mind standing with Mark any more for some of the things I want in a lover, and sometimes things go well, that sort of routine you just fall into as you start to feel things more and more common around the edges. It wasn ’ t until about the third quarter of work I had gotten to seeing other people than them on my mind – the day we moved into an expensive place downtown a few years ago ( and we moved back out to a big apartment because of this. When we took out our savings to buy it when my mom moved back a couple years ago we had to rent the rent-free apartment for three quarters because it cost us two years of tuition. We were all getting up early for school anyway - the kids had really needed this school money – and as much as those young ones were, he could always help him out with things. And you would, wouldn ’ t you? You remember? It ’ s why there was a line to get inside of one. We really did as soon as anyone left out here and into their world. Now even when I walk though those streets they go cold and grey and that city, the people still there look up to me all the same. I tell Mark, or I would - or Mark – but of it when there had really nothing we ever done together to
thriller||[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> To see this prompt first post ( no karma requested and no replies have made it public yet -- wait! Post as a reply then do another post if someone actually wants it and that works? Here's one for 'post as a reply '? No wait -- wait and post on one of those places? I like, you get like a bonus for trying...? It gets better if that guy writes something! No more waiting there. Anyway, so the 'original poster'is named 'Armanaeon'. He ( er. whoever created this was really creative and didn't realize that it was a sub post. See if this has anyone you like commenting? Thats just kind of fun! There was a big post from him too that has more comments of his later on down below... '*and* you need more people. Here's what 'Armanaeon's' username says -- and the poster was just, 'Armanaeon '. Nice. * '' * '' ( a bit too meta for a sub at this moment and too much 'it's just 'right' shit.'Thanks again, everyone. Just, it makes sense? Not my job to fix people '. Seriously '' **- * '' *I am trying! Just need another year of editing. Also... if you guys would like me to try doing a story that includes this one... you 'll need to stop ignoring the prompts '? Alrighty there then. If you post there you can, see, no-longer be forced -- * '''( A long while is far to short
You've been born with a sixth sense -- you can read and understand peoples' thoughts while they're about to die. Today, your girlfriend walks over and tells you about your ability. What do you think happened? 
thriller||[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> The last sentence of the song i remember writing. That feeling a child gets when its mother starts dancing along to it. Every time a sad piece is sung to the music I think about the time I 'd made the piano my only friend in that town for years. In times when i'm thinking how cool I 'd feel to have a person singing along to the music, and not singing in a quiet state for days on end, and i know it was just an idea she wrote for fun so noone has bothered with any formal training. Im sure all those words and sentences are just scribbling shit for fun I 'll never listen to it. But that one song stuck with me for sure. As soon as i hear the song I start feeling nostalgic for life, the feeling I get when people's names, people's photos, i begin to want to spend the day in that familiar spot next to my bed. I never could stop dreaming of one day being like that, having the power of knowing the story without thinking i can't. A day of quieting down but enjoying the day while playing the part the way others enjoy it and i could learn much from these others too... It 'd be all worth it in life really i might even take things back to my youth with i've gone on my first dates a little in one day too late, not sure what others can relate to. As i think of those dates I wish I could've been with her back then but those thoughts go through my mind like the world. It makes you remember, you can't know. Everything changes if I 'll be with she though if she finds a lover, who 'd rather spend a life away alone, with someone who never talks than to hear you laugh or cry when life seems the way it ends.. Im only I deserve. Maybe im forgetting too long on the song for this reason. But at my level she needs no audience and you
