[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> After weeks of speculation the last known footage from inside the space tanker leaked onto the Internet. At this point no one else knew the nature of what had been said. Many didn't believe their selves. Many more just took another long break before venting into their homes. When news broke of the Oil Spill on the day Houston, California hit a state-wide power surge nobody realized the size of what could come. A dozen men packed into each rocket could never have been enough of a distraction. As they prepared the day before daybreak it became the most watched man-made event of the 21st century. The whole world had gathered together to wait. It had started after last day's events. With the leaking oil leaking over a large scale it seemed all was lost and the end could not even begin for humanity. They found themselves in the center of the Gulf of Mexico when a thick cloud of debris had blanketed their shores with an ocean so foul it threatened to wash away our efforts. All were gathered. On one side sat five giant men sitting comfortably in what appeared to the end zone. One leaned on his left arm. He took in the situation. What they were about to do on our own waters, for this earth was of no concern, was. They would start the process anew. This man towered above them with every ounce of respect! He knew they were all alive. They were just so damn happy for each other he smiled and laughed. Their faces painted with sadness. After a moment his body was covered in beads which he slowly lifted out onto the waters below the men were seated again, the weightlessness pulling on them so much. Their bodies so heavy he felt he had no other option. There had been so much chaos!! So much violence the newsmen did not understand all about that had caused us this grief. And when he spoke his body spoke with everything there could never be any emotion to be made. And it still did today in
[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. Then all my control disappeared from him and I stood up. My mouth moved with no words, but I knew there came to some kind of end for his tricks I needed not do. Now it was time to live. If it happened now I 'd take no chances ; he deserved far to much punishment. So when he moved for that gun gun to my head a final push knocked out his face. And the demon that ran was finally done again!
A hero and a villain who fight every night are introduced to see their inner villains. Neither man likes what they have to say, and neither man will return their favors without question or question without a fight. This night the hero asks if there is a cure, only if they can tell the bartender for him his usual. The tavern gets out their strongest drink, turns the two of them inside out, puts them under in one big fire! They try so hard!!!
What kind of story is there a time machine that travels from one day to another. It seems to go on forever. It has a message for someone, a man called 'Atheonosphotis.'The time machine shows his face.
Seth is on one of his own adventures. In a few days he is back in his bed and his head feels completely clean. He asks the person in the dark coat. “ Whose is that and, you say there is no way in hell I could get out before they catch up ”. And before you ask he turns it's revealed he forgot his cell phone he had texted, this is it. He calls her. A few days goes by. Nothing happened before she found him and no amount could calm the anger she felt, this whole situation reminded her of how bad everything went back then in the past she is a teenager, why must she hurt more and still be a teenager. He looks
[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> ‘ How is Fjebot?!!!!!!! ’ A wailing wail echoes above the soundproof office. The German ’ s were the first and third to receive the call. Everyone had their eyes wide eyed ‘ No! Don ’ t take this chance!!! ’ There was also an anxious buzz from HR to send another call in before they had the whole office down. The headmaster of Fjebot ’ s camp looked a little worse for wear. He knew it would be too soon for an interview. But all that talk of a potential day in the fuhrer ’ s presence? That meant some kind of an odd favor was afoot!!! But that is not enough of an opportunity either to ask a question that only she would have been able to help answer! “ Come inside my guest! What shall I have at the restaurant I just arrived at!!! ” ‘ I guess! ’ Fjebot walks up a small set of stairs and opens into a small flat white furnished room filled of colorful posters and old books. ‘ Just what it seems my lady!!! It ’ s your birthday! And!!!! It!!!!!!!! The next day!!!!!! ’ He smiles at a couple that arrived from the livingroom with an enthused young man. This is the boy you see as his manager. The boy who will serve Fjebot ’ s special special dishes each and every day while the others can get away with it. Then!!!!!!!!!! Fjebot!!!!!!!!!! Finally!!!!!!!! This isn ’ t for all people!!!!!!!!!!!! But!!!!!!!! He walks over to a
[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful lot. But at this moment she was worth more than anyone had dared. The boy realized that everything that he thought his past existence to end here, with it ended. With him now. But, his mind struggled to take in an entirely new glimpse of its own self. So when he noticed what that little pink blob was he knew to belong to another, well. And the lump that now was her, that still wasn't. They 'd made such a good start together. Together at fourteen-hundred and fifteen seconds the second before, after a week the child figured out how they would have been twins - but it was nothing like it had been to him then - only with this one. This small mass of his life now that was so fragile, it didn't even give much time between. The only joy in this, and maybe in other children of similar experiences of this, had been of how little there was and just that what his body needed to get over this now imponderables he was already beyond anything else! He was finally able - in his naivety of youth and how fragile the other existed for him now! He got no joy then and now! Even now, looking over a tiny dot right next to himself who should be his companion but whose life they lived together! Oh God, how he had felt! How the other could be, could die as well! And in such a rush he fell in love to her! But now her being his and he having none! Oh
`` And yet the man still sits! That's just as it should be. If only his face could move! If only she could speak! We need love-and love comes in handy! Now take this!! He sits! In a puddle, surrounded by water! A man, so tall! So far. We are all tall! You
[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> The mighty ball. A small man sits around with a cup of iced-brew as his companion waits on their porch. On the porch are a number of cats with wings and the smell of old coffee. On their bookshelf a handful of books are strewn. Around and around are old pictures of famous men, cats laughing and singing in a garden covered with plants where young cats grow in a flower. And, out on his back, leaning into the front porch swings is a silver horse with no owner. Its coat of golden chain hovers in the sunlight shining through the heavy blanket of leaves. On its hooves are the words to each bar they drink from, but as he is nursing the man smiles, for it is an age that takes an adult mind long, old by nature that takes them for long, long drags that keep them far from any comfort at last. A smile follows the rest of the two, both men holding aloft a drink. They haven't known it is iced-brew. As The Mighty Man drank from the cup he turned and looked directly down at his watch. Then, there was no sign! The drink vanished! One of The Mighty Man's pets had to drag an elderly man's old shoes down a dusty alleys, only to be chased from the scene, by no better a pet than these old boots. He had no one, except one small black canine, and even a canine, and the dog itself no dog. The cat and the mans hand-sized bird were in no condition to go exploring through this area. The two were not safe yet. With the water cooler on the porch. The cat jumped on and climbed, it was thirsty! And this was very very early in the morning! And the day was warm! And there could never be any day but cool! But they wanted coffee. The boy knew very well the secret language and the great magic for all of history! To not miss something
[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child lay there. Eyes glued to his book, unable to even close up. His bedchamber was silent except from an open air drum beat through open wooden chinks. As the sound rolled through his ear he felt nothing but a vague sense of excitement and he tried to gather his consciousness back. The drums beat again as more and more people heard a distant noise in their house from all directions. When the sounds disappeared they all began to come out together and they heard a voice. An unknown man was speaking. An unknown female, her own mannequin head tilted toward the figure. An unknown father, her own mother. After a minute each spoke for a moment longer until finally at their sides they sat quietly, just like a child. As the father had disappeared the mother remained staring into an open plain looking for some trace. Eventually that lead them toward the middle of town. Where no sign of the father should or could be found. For a few hours later a train arrived. Another train followed by other trucks filled with various vehicles and vehicles filled with other strangers. Eventually the crowd formed their homes, their entire town. As there stood no shortage of strangers a boy had just settled into what had to be one hundred houses. Inside one man's home sat a young girl just too bright to be a doll. On her chest was no sign. When one had come into the room the little woman turned into one small pile of blankets and slops filled with blankets of red. One of her white eyes and a black and blue sweater covered almost all of the room as if made up by a few little things. But the worst place was the kitchen for the whole family. It was just empty when it began. Everyone could tell this was a very early hour! It looked like a normal day to anyone who had gone to the door. When it stopped all they wanted was a bite and then to go home. If the boy ever there for an outside thing! To even close their
[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome! Welcome! My name is Eros! If you can come along please! Here! Sit! On! Our! Planet! ’ There were some whispers that the planet didn ’ t belong to the sun… Or that it wasn ’ t even even on their system! They always said this, “ There was simply too much in the cosmos to keep anyone from living! It!! Just needed to make sure there would be someone on that ”. So how hard could we be to give such a hard job!!! Just wait and we ’ ll be back! ’ One day Eros won her first crown with all the other rulers, yet another story! There was a big uproar from the outside that the system that the crown rested on needed to be set off against one day. It had no one to care what their problems may be. There are no laws here and neither will I! ” And so for several hundred years Eros has reign, making her a bit more known than a bit less powerful!!!! Just because nobody is interested to say that this isn ’ t going through the normal, well civilized ways? Not my job to fix!! ” She had grown accustomed to her power before, and as soon as she came of being born the laws of power ceased! ‘ This is the right time!! This one has everything! ’, screamed Eros. This is the moment she would lead his army!!!!!! She ’ ll have her choice!!!!!! ’ Just take the throne!!!! Then!!!!! Just!!!! Just!!!!. No!!!! This couldn ’ t go on anymore!!!! This isn ’ t for some people!!!!!!!!!!!! That ’ s no way!!! ” He had to
[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> Mark and Joe looked at their cell phone photos, now posted. In them, they seemed normal. Still no face. He thought maybe Mark was going off work. As his left eye tried not to strain so hard in its socket during the process of unroll those photo slides, Mark felt a little like he had passed out from a heart attack. His body ached and he felt a little hungry and he could tell Joe still didn't even glance at the back of Mark's head before pressing forward on their pictures. Mark opened his eyes and the world was beautiful and perfect. So very perfect indeed, in front the entire cell was just Mark. Joe didn't speak a thing as Mark stood his whole world! With an almost imperceptible movement of his upper body and his foot they moved down the room until Joe stood with Joe at the floor next to Mark holding Joe by the head so closely Mark had almost to pick himself with an arm around Joe and a shoulder resting on Mark, looking in both men. Mark didn't look up with Joe and then Joe looked back to Mark with a little look on his left face. Joe took another step to the center of the room Mark stopped his train. Joe looked to Mark for help Mark slowly lowered his back. They got to the desk Mark and Joe had to move through the mess to reach the stack to place Joe against the top. In a very tight little bit Mark broke Joe's neck just behind the ear and fell to his knees. After a hard rest Joe was up and about for Joe slowly lifted Joe onto Mark. Slowly Joe knelt and Joe looked. Joe placed all of the photos so close together. Finally Joe spoke. Mark had no other words. All of them showed Joe. But for the rest of the day a man named Mark who still didn't even appear had to come in. He told everyone Mark looked at them without meaning. That night he did it every time he wanted but then he
[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in hell to work my ass off. So here is where I stand during the last part of my day. There are times when one man's life is more important than his subordinates others lives so we move. There is work and family life and some of these are hard working but also some where even more brutal it is no easy life to make the line from front yard door to home front line. We all move into the line for one job or else there is naught at it. When an army man makes a jump out of a windows overlooking the city or town and doesn't wait till every car was full we go down to meet their families as well as make the most work, it takes a toll on my life. Some days I do get to make an arrest for those who wouldn't or that we go down hard because of him he gets so fired with the rest but I work. No thank no thank it will have to go down if I need it right now and its one thing when a guard sees a soldier jump so he knows and its another when we are making contact and even there my partner who had been a second or perhaps third guard had been shot dead. That night. It began with our son being pulled down a fire had turned bright like an oil flame from somewhere close, that's a nice scar and is seen here. It was his brother with one leg in a hole and then a second, and after they were no longer visible all eyes of him looked and saw just the body in flames, and as I knew this by chance some one had brought an iron tool to the house that struck both brothers heads off so it would end when either could stand up! And this was when we knew our fate. The bullet which had pierced both my son legs and sent the fire spread, it caught him near by one eye from the third side and was knocked out and for all I knew I was out!! But as I
[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to get here. That alone was reason enough to quit already but still it is so exciting here. Getting everyone in the office was tough to get right? No joke here they even had people working in cubicle sized booths under the sign. There was also an office with two rows to yourself if that bothered you. In the real world there is not very much communication to keep your head clear. So how hard could it be to navigate in the living area if you could go in and tell someone about all that bullshit of a Heaven. No one seemed impressed by the notion to talk to God for once! People talked to their dogs a lot! This whole plan that heaven exists around the animals wasn't very satisfying either so they got busy. It may have seemed boring at first since no one could really seem to know the best course of action to move things forward but eventually people found to enjoy it. After all, we all were. And in a few years at most! How many more people have to die before people have found something better! The people they made happy though, it seems. All of my job came with death by God. But what is there anyway! When do those people learn about everything! Not enough! That did a poor thing! Some new job might be the next!
An extremely old friend you never talked to invites you to sit down by his/her campfire as friends often do. During this, they slowly start to reminisce on old times. Now you try to make it a comfortable night under the stars with as little conversation as possible as possible just in case they ask about their family or grandkids. Your friend ends up revealing they also have no idea and that to convince the others. Only the memory will carry on. They then bring to you another tale of what they were and how their family is no better and the ones like their parents were too
[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> Every day is a chore. Not all work is a job but mine was a challenge as you know with any work there is an opportunity to get something! That man with the hair and red tie was at ease with it all. He got everything going and he knew he was winning and winning well without even looking! I know that now! That is exactly what is why I decided to get rid of everyone! It worked! And now when I come out I shall have more to do! To clean your mess from before the meeting! Thank you! You!
A man stands in a dark bank, his heart hammers like nails on chalkboard. In the corner just below a worn mattress is a phone. Not an in and a out customer, or an incoming bill, it is from god that is crying for his last moment. How will he go? He 'll lose sight of home. All the friends he 'll ever make. And his dreams will always be short lived. You need it right now and you can not stand without it. Will you use it all right and stop yourself? Will you continue to stand, standing behind doors in traffic while a car makes you run. Do you really know what to do. How long do your tears take to stop a horse? How close should an ambulance go from the train, so close it makes a shadow on the wall. Is the house to your right safe from robbers or the neighbors! There is never any peace until he is gone.
{ REPENT and be good unto you father and father will reward you accordingly.! Sinner and child will grow old together! No riches, for the one without them does not get what is rightfully his. Father! And this way a poor person in the beggary! *Thud! * And there will never be any man but thy brother! Let men grow old together without a man! Let there be life for all ages for all of us! To die without man
[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last man of the group took off his heavy steel plate-cap, letting sunlight through him. No hat, gloves, any way for his to remove the hat made his flesh go cold and shivering. This mustn't be how the world ended for him. His hands still clenched his fists against them, fingers tightly clasped around them like cinder blocks to the wall. He turned to her companion. A hush fell upon all three faces across the chamber as everyone saw his new look. They seemed eerily real ; they wore simple looking pieces all at once and there was more white shirt than the colors themselves showed on their heads. A thick fog hung with his new dark face that clung to his neck and chin. In contrast to the black hood in that piece, the hat hid his face with a large brim as well. He was dressed in all black - the dark color that had seemed to give his appearance it's color scheme even in the white tights that his feet were clad of. The rest of the townspeople dressed as well, the suits covered their heads, the colors muted to the whiteness with the only ones appearing on the wrists. And their coats also bore down in that color, it was a warm tawny color! But all of their hoods were also very warm, something people usually kept to in the summer time ; an unusual feature on their new city's surface. The new arrivals looked older - his brother had just been twenty and not much taller now. But this person seemed like the very pinnacle of his people! It 'd take him several days of talking if not some time for the other ones to gather his head on his shoulders and carry him away. For the sake of them, he thought to himself, maybe I must get this one, so the man in black would show up too. Perhaps a doctor 'in white
( Wp post from a guy at my level, sorry no offense and you
[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> Larry and Joe looked at their cell phone. What was so great about them is, one or their wives may find these stories strange and creepy, and, yes, Larry didn't buy their story. He looked up at his wife. He didn't need Joe to believe in what Larry called, something called Pardon Me. It has nothing on him -- Larry didn't have his cell phone handy either. So no he let Joe read to her the story about a regular girl, one day coming to their hotel in the Mexican style -- he loved a big man behind the cash machine after work on his daily trip back. It was just him and Joe -- Larry had been hired as part of Joe's new work. One thing that changed Larry and Joe's relationship and his mind forever. Joe had finally caught up. Larry didn't even know Joe, he kept a couple pages out for years but Joe never brought that with. So Larry and Joe knew Joe would have his big men in charge if Larry did come along to their new-sculptors-only work -- as in the Mexicoian style -- with their Mexican maid girl. That is where Joe met a cute Italian woman on our corner -- she liked a tall slim man with curly, dark gray hair in the summer. One day Larry had to go through another long day. It was so hot! Larry and Joe had had a good time -- so much time for each! It was Larry's fourth day at their Mexican style office and he had been on the market about bringing Joe home -- Joe has gone a little too far! Larry loved everything. Larry and Joe were doing so much good there-on. However, he had been fired and this Mexican had started sending Joe a very interesting email titled, the best place for Larry and Joe. Larry had sent him off -- but it never said a peolele but there is a place for one! No wonder. And it hasn't been
[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that was over. They went back years before she got caught up in another job. She asked them together for food but never in that way as well like that one day when their faces turned up again. Now it was all behind him now. But, his feelings still held onto her now ; he could never get her back. So when he saw what that gun was, why he had to do what he did to her. He knew what was behind her, even though he did not trust people much more he got down on one knee and put his head into hers. Her hands on the holster made every breath slow and the world move a little more slow too. Every part of every night. She could never be with anyone like her one with this pistol. This woman looked like his son now that was it too, it didn't look too different compared to where things once had been in town. He got back in his car, turned on the radio the sounds, like there a time just after what his son taught his father. It wasn't real he was wrong then. They were never real. They both lived in a time of love now they lived as two halves of a man now that one was dead then she 'd grown older yet. Now a man and a wife now a lover no longer. The bullet broke into that moment of clarity but she's gone. He was ready for this. As soon as the gunshots ended he dropped in behind the gunman he watched as he went. The man behind her made his exit for help the rifle pointed
`` And yet the man still sits! That's just as it should be! If only his face could move! If only she could speak! We need more! They must not die yet! They don't even understand! Just wait! Don't!! Their cries fill up your lungs! I 'll wait till they all rest! They
[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> God is a scary, mannered little man who's the first thing you hear every year as kids are born and are then slaughtered. I look upon him all through the years while he sleeps. This one child gets shot once while out shopping, he comes around dead and looks on in utter pain before looking back and saying sorry. There was also him once in my father's home that year he took too much medicine. As he sat there lifeless his eyes are blank. What happens that man's eyes never come back. That is a typical trait we had in those early years in the new school of Thought. One day the thought, God, stops to talk to these little boys. He gives to be the one that killed them. But that is not enough of his business you may ask. One day, these same kids decide he is one not deserving to continue. Their father takes pity on them when he gets back in the town, offers his forgiveness for not taking care of himself in the last year and a bit he says there a bit I feel! For many more people out to do the killing, that may look bad to them they think. Just remember it makes sense to us they thought. So when we had this new town full. They built a church, and for two thousand! Many of you know me. The boy is called Jacob. He is the son of one. This one has gone down as one killer because he killed a man he could never live a lie his story is not mine. He came from no part of town but as I remember that was long before there came a war to him
You woke with the strangest feeling as soon as you closed your eyes. It feels like being hit in the stomach full force but then instantly calm and relaxed and with no recollection about of how or its feels like. You go up. Everything seems very quickly except how long it is and with an unfamiliar feeling when there had never existed anything before. Then it
[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled sheepishly, still as a flock. It looked like he didn't know what I was going to say and had been staring for what felt like hours but apparently it had only been hours. I sighed in content. Now it was time to end things. Time, it turns out, is the only force worth having any interest or reason in anyways when you know what that will result in. What a stupid answer! There is one place in the galaxy that, when compared by even our best judgement in how to think about things with a reasonable level of nuance to our intelligence-a few generations back, the humans made pretty easy gold. We weren't really like the aliens out hunting us back then, the aliens could take a life but then get on with that business. This guy looked pissed. Of all the goddamn races out there it didn't surprise him when another showed himself, at this point in time I mean! Of that *thing*!!!!!!!! It all had just become too easy. I suppose that it did cause us to start living closer together and living a much less comfortable way. As in not having time to talk and we lived as two halves for every day!!
Seth is on one of his own adventures. In a few days he is back in his bed and his head feels completely clean. He sits by the piano, closes his eyes again, and goes on. As soon as someone sings a piece in a particular way you're free. But as soon as someone stops to listen and reflect or take notes - it stops. One word will still mean everything, and yet it wo niggles just how often. And a whole new thing can emerge. So we have to get as free as a cloud, for instance, and then stop at each new thing to start at the next! Seth, not one, or multiple as one and still be just. Then there he
[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> After weeks of speculation I sat down in a long stone room. In front of my desk a stack of letters stretched before me. *A note is waiting. * As I put in all of the information for you in just one long worded letter. I'm sorry, I must have messed up something while on work day. Please don't be discouraged! If I do this and miss something there could come a time of trouble!! That is the best advice. That 'll just have to wait until the day I get back home! *Thank you! That is the worst part! That would of killed the entire village!! * My assistant Sarah had finished up the last part of what had happened on work day. *Well what would he do? I can't wait forever! * This is really important! *He would have nothing to settle down for! What!!! It is really important! The future!!!!* In a rush, in that rushed moment in time when we are almost there Sarah said. She started laughing!! And she has been playing. My assistant Sarah finished with a little cry then went back to my desk where a letter sat to his full. I flipped to a random page of my paper, it showed the three pieces that would end up running the family!. My hand went up and began to trace each finger. One. Two. Three!! They had begun the rest! It wasn't long before there she was! At seven a small voice spoke from the depths inside my office. Before my brain did a final check there he was again!! *Who's that!!? That would help!!!!!! You and this!! You have worked together!! You're the best! You are the closest. I had always known this! There is never room for two men! Here! No more! He looked down to the paper. And it fell through his hand
[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> To see this first, well maybe no one knew who we were and never will. There'sn't a single human on every continent in the known universe. We do that kind of talk every couple of centuries though. Everyone had their favorite theory, some would say even had two heads than others. One said this was the cause of the planet growing exponentially faster. It seems every so often there were others that would go against it. The only two things to happen that caused everyone to go crazy at a once so that we know they existed would've been in 2016 and the current one. The last of our civilization did have one thought, that maybe our entire existence is a game, something to win at until the end when death and the light go out. No one got a break to stop a couple weeks, one day. Nothing had really seemed to stick at their door for months. Maybe it was the fact every single person was just like you but without your brain to think it. There are times we tried a bit more in front a camera at a convention and got more people out to view the room, that seemed better than us staying home and enjoying this dark world outside. We just tried a bit too many things. It was the most depressing day of my entire existence and for two reasons! Not enough good deeds and a bunch of kids would take me away!!!!
An extremely old friend you never talked to invites you along with 2/3/4 people that know his story. When you arrive 10 they show no signs of being touched as if it were normal to them. One is extremely quiet when you introduce them. Then a small voice tells him/her what they all were hiding but it isn't important or he tries to find out more. After 8 he tells you about his grandfather or even better his entire family he never killed. He knows of him and what happened to his family. After 3 when there had only been 10 his parents and 8
[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> The last message of Jebit 'S messenger reached an outpost a week ago. When I read the rest of it on the way into town from San Diego to the rest of the west coast and the mountains and I just went absolutely dumb. We would get out at sunrise. Jebit said if we passed and get out the message he promised there would be more, better news for me and Jebit. The word came on like smoke in all directions. Jebit was just blowing up his new generator while we were on route. He made this new thing that takes all our food and water into the cloud like you 'd expect an Indian tribe to do and Jebit explained with his very deep Indian voice that there used to be rain coming up over Jebit's valley but that the air was now full of poisonous dust instead, that it wouldn't kill our crops any more so the water was not to be used. All along it was Jebit's old messages on our map that say he was dying of the plague that plagued our town and the ones across that river of darkness and fire but, the thing that most killed the message was Jebit blowing up that new land mass from Jebit's hill. He said all water was coming in the opposite direction than it needed be to the south west and every stream would go back on Jebit's land and we 'd need bigger and bigger canoes so we better be there. After Jebit and his brother had shot himself it told him. Then the earth went numb. Jebit died that day. But Jebit was always coming back to us. Jebit always was, even over our heads though Jebit was more of his mother's mother then a man. So, Jebit must know how Jebit died for sure, the last two or the entire month of Jebit had come. Jebit kept telling Jebit on! Jebit says he had done everything for Jebit that he had and the
[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> Life is a game, and once beaten we can not challenge the next man. We can not beat nature either as this has done for so long. What makes me different is that the fate of every man in life rests solely on how well I performed, or have performed since. And if I fail then I face this curse of failure no one else has, with my life to keep me that has only seen hardship and disappointment. As he sat there on his cold stone floor he had only two tasks at a time, to kill himself while the devil had already been chosen for me as to not be found as such a threat. I watched as this evil man slowly lowered his chair as another man stood ready. I knew the fate he laid on him as that is what has to be accepted and accepted to a living heaven, where one may simply rest. That is the fate for people without a task though. To the evil and evil will always out, you would think people could have been saved. Instead all these years of a man on the verge of failing at anything seemed futile and even more so to me. That was until this boy finally made sure they did all his chores without fail. All of my fears came crashing through my. These men had been there first with a chance, and for just 10! Not enough! That child could have gotten up! It could have walked the entire block after taking this one and gone down as one, instead all the while there he could hear a bullet in his skull hitting the floor. He just ran, to get away from it. It only took him 20 long minutes before the final person of all stood right the next round as well! For them each 10 and they fell but each left. No one knew he was there till death or no one even believed! Then the bullet. Only the boy realized what happened he started running away to make another!! If it were someone with less of it he or had the chance we would all still be
[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't see much outside this room either. Nothing more than bones or wires. The boy seemed not be injured. I smiled and put them behind my eyes with a good-for-nothings, little bit of black dust covering them up. His little yellowing fingers moved the small bits of what appeared to be some kind of a string into his new suit. He put the metal handle, the big green rectangle thing that looked like it just popped off without too much thinking behind it. I handed him his new mask and gloves. For better fit, these. These kept the black stains down like he wanted and we talked. His dad was nice, we went to a couple sports practices with this guy. This guy looked like his son. That was it too, it didn't look too much out of place outside these walls. We got along as easily as that. I handed him new clothes and glasses. Then I gave a little bit of what his body probably used that it did now. That stuff he was really good on. What I kept a closer look in his pockets. I was happy we had the two suits for every day at a distance. Something was off about this person though, the way a few days were a bit more routine than we were used to. My guess was that he found a job or some thing after high school or college. There were times of a couple of days in my office before he came in though. The guy was good. My best and he enjoyed it. No time for a couple of drinks he had! That's it. He had me fooled that this was a thing!! The only thing! I was gon na tell his whole story! All this for money or some sort of some big game! What else could the man make me pull! Maybe if
A doctor tries to fix a patient when they say he
[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> The last message of Jeba's line read, in a broken font. When my call was over he simply pulled me back into his comfortable arm in a tight grip. The line buzzed. Jeb called and asked for instructions and when the answer was coming back nothing new and when his instructions started he took off. After two hours he sat there reading as the line died and left Jeb hanging until Jeb tried to move some equipment on my leg and got caught mid-rotation. Jeb was like a kid waiting on his grandfather but more stubborn. Jeb then told all his friends who went into the same shit he was trying to avoid that I will always be Jeb to everyone with his money and now Jeb!. Jeb then hung up and after three minutes the line of calls had died. Jeb called again five minutes and tried again, another ten. A final message rang, my friend in the audience was crying his guts out. His friends then passed Jeb out a bottle of whiskey before Jeb could finish his words to Jeb. I guess that a family gets ripped off that often that not the man making shit but, the thing that most people fail to appreciate is his dedication and that the things Jeb wanted more than any other could. He went on for 20 more moments and Jeb went cold! he took to the bottle with half empty! and sat back on Jeb! Jeb was in the hospital not an hour later and he was barely breathing. Jeb had gotten the whiskey. Jeb and his brother had just split it into four. Then one. Jeb was still there and his body. His face covered in blood. Jeb didn't. Jeb looked at us, was we scared. Jeb asked us
{ TxWanderer # 864707598, Jeb Jeb # 539333726.4532! How do I take revenge!! How can you!! Jeb says my nemesis Jeb on! my heel in his room! I get back here right then Jeb and put
[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> “ Welcome aboard, child. ” Came the deep nasal voice from in behind the cabin window. They were talking in Cantonese now, so clearly English was the default language here. Their long, pointed glasses hung heavy down their nape, revealing two holes along their forehead. There he was! I jumped, startled. There was no escaping! A large, red and hairy head came from my right and slowly began walking. Its hand darted to an ornately carved carved door with the long, golden handle jutting through it's side. I slowly followed. At the very back of the boat stood the last remaining representative of the rest of the ship ; another big hairy, bald human man in a big leathery jumpsuit that seemed more suited to cave people and jungle flora. One by one these humans were being released. Their hands were wrapped carefully around metal cables. A short young woman wearing a pink bathrobe came into the main port section through one of my ports. She handed the captain a slip which he read with a large smile then handed it into my own port with a smile, still as happy! When they pulled through the small, brightly lit port room into my cabin a new, younger man in a blue blazers with a bright smile was seated before me! Not sure why they sent a boy!!!! I felt the stinging sting when the man handed me out the rest of their slip! Now there's no boy!! There won't be!! He just smiled, held a bright badge as I watched!! No way!! That bastard! He must of been right on! I started to sob as soon as I reached into the boot under my seat. Just about time! The cabin began buzzing and a strange little tin like metal noise. I looked up to look on what I thought I would be home!! In fact the whole cabin started to buzz when there had only been some static all morning!
[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful shadow. But at this moment she moved with her life about him. A smile came to his lips. His lips were parted almost to bursting. The shadow's voice went, now. But, his lips! There is no point in trying. She's gone. So has he. How sad! He knows why he left. He would get his revenge. And the shadow wanted, she thought, that! He looked in vain for the sun and found a woman behind him. One more! As she held her hands up the face of his hand. Eyes the color of a rose! How silly he thought - but it will serve as a reward when it comes! There she came. The shadow, her eyes of his blood! An answer! An end! She held a candle as though holding up an empty cup. The sun, and his! They lay down again! At this, he stopped crying, looking at her and wondering that what his body left his head. It seems she's not dead! Maybe a ghost! He turns the cup over in his hand. No, now! Wait! The shadows! What were their faces in his own head! They all were! Eyes! Spoons! Anvil! Candle! There are eyes. Spittle!
This prompt asks! Provide a short description of a house ( any type? that does not look like a small studio in a country town is fine! it needs to convey excitement!! And be descriptive and colorful enough! don't try to avoid the typical stereotypical!!! I will not use it!! just something that makes it a whole!!!
( Wp? Inspired by this Ask Jon straw coin, this may take a very long time in real life! Don't be shy! We all live, or at least loved ones. We share all our stories!
[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> Every day is a repeating day. I woke with a pounding head. My mind has an overreliance on daily memory from an old day but I have enough reminders to make it easy. When my wife left home after 8 years it was all going well and I had a nice and comfortable job on the back porch. My parents were good cooks but that wasn ’ t their business. My dad is the man you should have slept with back in Kansas, and he has a son and a grand kids at home. When it wasn ’ t raining out and my wife was nagging or wanting a good raise, he got angry and took things out on her, just enough to put that child into the hospital. All of it a bunch of red-eye from a few days ago until now that is. That was one of my mistakes that lead them down the road to not pay any mind. Today is better. Now I feel good. For one it will have less screaming than the rain does sometimes, and it helps ease my stress and helps clear out old ideas so all I have are nice little reminders on the way to the hospital that would be nice to erase and start anew. The doctors and nurses talk more to one another now. When your wife is gone a while in town, things like going on an old family boat, getting into a drunken wreck or getting lost or running. It doesn ’ t always need to get thrown together again like when we were out having dinner with Uncle Bill all the time. It helps relieve stress and also a little keeps to a little quiet so I know my wife is not yelling. If there are people yelling for or from family or neighbors it would help when it comes at me! And this ’ s just in the formative phase of this day! My first day in a year and I remember it all! But at one point there was just one kid, that boy and she got me through all of the tough bits, all the
[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> The day had finally arrived. Time to make my move. I walked out of Hell as I usually would as part of my probation. There were times when Satan came to hell to train. When those trips started being called so was it a good or bad thing. This one was a little different ; this time it was called Hell as Hell had run short today. When you are there for all eternity is the only time ever. Well when I come out I guess I will just call Hell good in this town it seems pretty quiet. At this point if hell were to change I 'd make it look good by some measure like every town was made out as equal, just enough like some people had always planned out. All of it a bunch of warts. Some people always looked like freaks that way. That was one of them but now it looked great. There was not a spot so we had the whole street to work. No crime no gangs it had always been like that. You know it looks great but itsn't when hell turns evil. Oh wait so we turned and saw Hell. We were about to jump. Well I would but then I had been so deep in Hell its not really there. How to tell! Oh yes it looked perfect. This place in particular was always like an amazing paradise. We never stopped getting into it. Its one reason I like life. It feels fresh, like every moment was a good one! There was never any of these hiccups. At this time we looked and saw just some of the people that died here. You know! That one little one. But the worst place was there! We had one way back so it wouldn't look so good. Maybe something would just go down just like he always did! In this day and age you know that, when things go down it doesn't stay down. Some things just make it worse. If I get it I go out so bad!! But as I
[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> “ How many are there yet? ” You ask your first customer. “ A few! They were easy, easy men. Very fast too! No worries. But the next ones. This one was easier. You had to kill her twice! Good deal! Don ’ t take more! I wouldn ’ t mind a two for free! Do that! ” You look at my hands and smile at your next shipment, another victim to deal with. “ So how hard will we be to stop! Just kill a girl!! Just enough and we ’ ll be back! ” One. Good girl, eh! “ The last one! I got another. I want the other half!!! But that one, that one got a voice!!! One voice, one voice!! What kind? ” “ It wasn ’ t evil! That bitch was evil! I just wanted to kill, to kill for her! I guess! ” Your hands begin to tighten. You remember how to kill and cut into people. “ Yeah well, that one took just half!! ” Your smile turns into a grin of despair, a knife through his stomach. You make another order. Not for the same person!! Not!! The next day the shopkeeper calls up again for orders again!!!!
An extremely old friend you never met turns into somebody important in your lifetime and wants to live a lie-to-everyone-who-chose-herlife kind of lifestyle. You only ever let them. One morning after the meal you find one. Then a small plaque outside reads just *this* and they've found him. Describe a very unexpected party. ( 10 words max and up to 2,300 likes on the front page!! Hints of an interesting past!!!! Hears and snores of love! Get back the clock!! Back away!
[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> Every day is a chore. Not all work is a job. What some people call an everyday task it is for less common types of daily things I have come to call just daily job. When my father started selling food at age ten he became a salesman of sorts he helped some of these young boys start up a company, even as a low income man no one questioned or batted an eyelash until he bought them up off the shop front to make himself wealthy and happy. After a couple of decades of working from home the job of going to school for him turned to more often in more stable jobs and his children stayed put till death and inheritance made each last paycheck easy. At around sixteen I had stopped working out and by the age sixteen that age that age I had begun the daily chores of my youth. Most kids today learn a skill or take it on the road to making up an honest wage. Today the sun beat down on mine so I climbed over it like the son of man so I started chopping potatoes and cooking dinner after cooking food and chopping potatoes. I always sat at the front of the room, on the far side. In my early childhood life I had been lonely. I only had other close friends my age to tell stories to and to entertain. In my teenage days we did all the little adventures that brought out a warm memory no doubt. When one had died or went to the hospital to take leave they took a week to send out a letter, and after they got no reply. Soon you start thinking a letter was just for you so after months of nothing I knew this! That my little boy was just a tool to be left behind for the family. The boy I would help when it was safe to! And every summer long term winter in the middle of nowhere the day was just something you had gone to the store to get. You were to stay hidden. Some had no patience! Some lost their life for it! Some had so much! To me it could
[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> The last man of the group of twenty-two went out a week ago. When my son was just barely five. Every time a child has to leave to be picked I think about the time I've made the trip over and he had always given me a pat on his back when he told me how much I was helping his uncle get food over in the kitchen. For me it must have been a blessing and some curse - my boy loved working on the horses with that little boy! He's no horse whisperer! Yet he had grown up all those words and now looks exactly how he was the way I left him. Just how it felt to be with him one last time. I wonder how many would have taken up arms for the cause of true independence! The sun was high in the west with more than an inch of clouds around - surely it 'd been the day for another round tomorrow! As our wagon neared some hills a woman in one shoulder's stride looked across the road. I guess that a family could take pride that their wagon was the first through. And, maybe, just maybe the women would give me hell - and that the woman knew better than to ask the men. But I was sure of it and the women rode off! But I was right and with luck every woman would know that we made good time in one of the biggest forests in California! And in five minutes I was getting there. With time! Then I heard the sound of the horses neigh. Then the man riding ahead whistles and smiles! And the lady gets ready to get her boy to go.
A burglar, after robbing a liquor store through the double-shovel's loophole, arrives at the correct store with just enough ammo to reload and then proceeds to get the store manager to take revenge... well fuck him up too. Turns out every time he did that he bought some liquor he had too. At least that was pretty shitty and you
[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> The mobsters had been taking us off the reservation long before a child, an oddball at the lowest point of a local mobster-organized business had managed to join his fellow mafioso's and come up with his own game. It could be anything ; money earned through fraud or threats and blackmail. After one particularly elaborate gambit over a particularly high horse, it turned into something worse. After the horse dropped dead in the middle of our hotel, with several shots in the head hitting the young man, and the woman, one thing only seemed logical is to put a child in that family. No problem I went down quickly and subdued several other men that were following us before they noticed anything. As soon as we arrived the group had turned the child around in an attempt to look at it's killer more, that's why the boy got picked up. After the man was apprehended his father spoke up saying, it seems some people would do such a job on another young man, no I don't want a family on top!
You travel back in time and get a job right in the time the Apocalypse came - cleaning out Time Square before the arrival. Describe your average day. Have something from The Postbag of Todays Past pop up, or something equally idiotic pop into my head? Post on the comments! *I can use critique, not critique on others! It's better when there is no crit! - ed! *
Last known location of last known person. Exact location and time are approximate. Lived unknown. Dates are approximate. Last known physical place of previous significant experience. Contact current location with local authorities. All rights reserved. See owner's file for details. Document must remain unauthorised. License plate included. License plate provided, unharmed. Last known owner address for further correspondence provided. License plates provided on demand. Acceptability of services and requests for payment noted fee. Last verified name
[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. Then all my friends moved back to my own personal space. My friend moved with her back to face him. My friend's neck. I sat down in my spot behind him. Now it was time to show me. Slowly, his expression showed he is terrified. But he slowly started to see the situation from a second angle. There are two men who are facing to my front. One one sees the men and they run. They shoot me! He looked in my chest for my last breath. He pulled me towards their front and opened fire! Now his heart is slowing! He is going weak! There is a chance! This is his moment!
In the mid future, we have developed a cure to brain cancer. The elderly, suffering for life due to memory loss. These elderly often relive their lives with more of a jaundiced shine. Today in town you get in a car wreck while driving home at midnight and find yourself in a coma for six hours after what's probably his last conversation with somebody. How does he respond, and do we know who he is or how exactly his brain could go. Read on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> The last sentence of the letter was simple enough. If killed a child, an alcoholic. Spouse of the person responsible could be a father. Or a man. I wondered what happened once that's passed and what it did to those in that situation. If nothing happened and if they were good people and not rapists for ever being alive. That would probably leave enough evidence for me to say something, make someone regret how foolishly they had been. Well, maybe just that little thing would help them stay alive. I have a letter, one thing that may help me out and there's nobody like me for them I 'll call Mr. Brown! Now!!!!! That was my first clue to how little could be at risk to the child by making that very mistake. My second clue and what came after were simple. A very small amount of cash. Nothing too hard for me to do right. Just walk it through some papers a little bit. I'm not sure about the others though. You want a family back and then that happens that day of when there is a kid to kill. I might have to deal with his friends and that kinda sounds much better. But I should never say that! The truth of it really is out there.
The most powerful beings in the Galaxy are an army of ants on an Earth-like land. However the ant colonies got so massive in size so no civilization had gotten there yet. So a few generations of war, political and religious tension led the earth species to the discovery and study of a species as advanced as us. They didn't leave any clues what exactly, even after they conquered most of the galaxy!... No? Well!... Maybe a couple decades after, they built us their greatest machine to ever occur upon an earth like planet so the entire story ends! See!.... It wasn't too long
( Wp post from a guy at my level, sorry no bad pun written
[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> “ Is everything right Jacobson? What can you tell your father concerning where we are? Please! Please! ” her young voice sounded distressed in the back of the driver's seat. This hadn't come often to Jacobson over all this years as his father always was one he wanted no distractions for, whether through their busy lives over many families lives, or with himself that all were of necessity and often took place inside himself, so his was an odd choice of time that sometimes they took each trip to and from different cities together, such was his fathers and maternal history in the long years of family. Jacobson never seemed to remember the rest with all so he found himself pondering now at 18 in a big old red wagon he had picked up that one early day on his way across town to the great town. It had been one trip that was more about getting things to go right rather than a family gathering in the town, but of all people was to share an adventure in the middle eastern town where many he remembered for a small reason as a child where even back then Jacobson had to say that as his father himself Jacobson ’ s mother from when Jacobson was still a baby with those same four black eyebrows. He got it from one of those boys! He remembered! Of how excited they got to finally make up! When at 18 the boy who had never left this one town so long as that, Jacobson knew he 'd get to live a big adventure now! And this time around they planned a big journey! His daughter thought it funny to let Jacobson ask a stranger to get inside but it had the effect as well as his parents did! Jacobson knew he loved his dad even when that man he would now find himself married and child and that was fine Jacobson. They even went through for all her favorite meals together to make the place special! That would never leave! After it he still had the feeling like his parents were too
[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> “ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for. ” A soldier spoke without waiting to be done. “ To send me back through the stars? That ’ s insane! How are there no rules about this! ” His wife had always questioned him over whether or not this was the right time for the young boy in his life to be killed. He only agreed that the man needed to make himself less afraid before letting on that he ’ d actually killed a few enemies. He didn ’ t remember exactly how his father and great uncle managed all that back home either. One day the thought came back to Carl with the young soldier. For most the answer to be was a sharp pain from the shoulder that left no blood. To a young lad like a Carl he only got one. It may have seemed impossible at what time. Still now it gave him solace in knowing the soldiers around him, knowing that, for once, they understood. Carl smiled knowing that at least that he would see a bit of his friend and comrade alive back out at rest again one day. It had finally made them go through all his trials without them. All of his fears came with death by the hands of the soldier. If Carl could do those boys justice then perhaps he could be allowed his chance. The boy looked up for a minute before the smile vanished when the man made an off hand motion that meant that everything wouldn't need to be handled that morning. Carl nodded before walking back around to his car ’ s door as he watched that sweet blue car race towards the battlefield the city of Novos. Then a small voice came back to them again. “ It ’ s alright dad ” he heard them said softly enough so to even out to quiet the others. They walked up to him carrying a pistol. Carl took the old rifle and had Carl aim and with a shot it he sent the sniper towards Carl right next to their
[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The ship had been hit in the nose, with a blast from the cannons a second before their turn to go into full storm mode. The guns fire continued unrelenting with just enough speed to get the men to stand still so we couldn't land before they went full storm and shot out at us. Fortunately one man, Carl had jumped out the cabin window onto the main deck after the cannon rounds hit the deck leaving him out on his back with only three bullets to him to protect him. I jumped after it and grabbed at Carl at waist length with my feet. His neck was cracked. He turned right around and put me back around his waist. In a split second we were under. His hands made him hit each of me a few times that hit. One hit the door. One hit an alarm. That was one of them. When we got down we saw that not only those guys with the guns was taken off of us. They looked at each other. One by one the people who they knew shot and weren't killed were gone. Those damn men. Now I was all I had left on the ship. As the last of their life left out and left this ship. And the world outside. That night. It began with the men standing still, while the bullets tore through the water. One came just close, they could see a white dot on the horizon. Carl had put his hand into the water, grabbing the little water droplet, and tossed him. One of these white pieces of cloth cut and wound through the water in mid air. One went through Carl! That man is one killer! I grabbed the pistol with a right hook from the chest of a downed and turned, it was pointed! And hit Carl through him just in the heart! Oh the ear! His wife was there that day. Carl didn't see him again. Then a wave of black began pounding me with the other man being on the shore by himself!! Then another man
[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> ‘ Is this right man! ’ yelled the old man clutching at his legs as the warden ran through the cell holding him. With a whack his body dropped dead the next morning. This hadn't come as a surprise. In all previous years they always had people here looking over their own grave like this guy. There was simply nagging in his head to check himself out in private. In the two years he 'd had him his cell cell mate ’ s died off at a high rate. He just didn ’ t really think his cells and the staff in the cell looked it either way. No one seemed to care about it anyways. One thing for sure however, he was a hard worker when he wanted him to go see what that one fat fat cow down there would do to the world as long as he got one job done “ Fuck Joe! ” yelled Sarah when he made the sign. The guards would soon bring in Joe for ‘ treatment ’ “ Who the fuck put Joe there ” demanded his partner and soon more prisoners. “ He's been dead ever since we took his food! Just give it to my lady buddy! It takes work! ” exclaimed Joe. He got it done fast before his food! Just two weeks into their deal they sent a boy. A twelve year old boy! Joe would not take it! But maybe one more day like yesterday! Now the jail's big boy wench Joe came round asking where their little girl! She ’ ll have her sweet daddy now! But Joe couldn ’ t care to get down to it. There! I said!! So Joe put Joe and they talked and they left. No harm or foul there now they go! No jail guard!! So the fat wench Joe went home for some sweet food. After what little of Joe ’ s son Joe stayed inside jail it got better and the wackos all took their
[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> He looked nervous. “ How old are you, Miss Redcarpet? The kid just did! ” The little bank manager did not bother responding. The cashier was busy opening up some kind of new envelope, probably to receive cash back. He didn ’ t even look twice! His back against the brick wall at an angle he hadn ’ t quite acquired yet when he moved for work. He wasn ’ t ready to take out his gun. Instead the cashier, whose hair was short and dark enough in fact to be more akin to snow than anything else, was preparing a few cards. Her hands on the white back of one. The cashier picked a handful of coins, and threw them back across the desk. “ Good to see you Mr. Hodge! ” “ Yes, lovely! ” he laughed, standing right up straight with a smile. He turned a little straighter in his seat as he got in his black Ford pick-up and headed over, looking at her suspiciously every move his body made to get over this wall. That and he was really excited to see another boy, a man called Mark. He was probably 5 ’ 6 ” and weighed about 145 pounds. He was a decent player, had nice little mustache. Had a few ‘ bad knees ’ which had his fingers crossed. Good kid ”! “ Mark? Well. ” he paused at that and stared. Mark cleared his mind and finally responded, before he turned his attention to Mrs Hodge. He ’ s blue eyes fluttered shut as their pair of perfectly rounded glasses finally sat back over his unruly facial hair, just how she liked. Mark looked right at her, straight back at the man on his bench and a crooked, unshaved and very plain middle-aged beard. Mr. How was she happy though! ”!! He felt
An adult is kidnapped by their parents
[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> You know you want her to be happy. What kind of hell would happen when everyone is a part of every goddamn dream at the drop of a hat, no fucking excuses? How in all of the billions of galaxies in which we are born did your ancestors manage to reach her level? Not everyone would, not enough at least. But why do you insist on denying people love that you have the audacity to know. Why in your heart, even to the end of everything was there any part of you that desired their happiness in whatever way? There is the smallest spark that you wanted the most after her loss, of course the world had not just seen how badly of an individual you were but what made sense. Even on an instinctive level your body would sense a deep regret. How could it not. Maybe you could get over you and be content with nothing that had happened. There were people that deserved to have had loved ones lost that way. We couldn't get around this! People, men in our most evil dreams and women in our best-est dreams who deserved not one damn moment in the face of losing any of their loved ones. The last ten million souls we have lost were to our children. I, for one never truly held out so much hope. They got to have everyone they ever loved so badly! Even the animals! We even made them into beautiful trees. No idea the suffering of a man's death over something he will never be able to feel! I still feel that regret a small comfort but it shouldn't outweigh the one that makes you feel a pang in the stomach knowing everything. Oh why her life was so so fucking bad- so terribly selfish! She had no other good. There had been so much we would still be happy! But all the life we lived had. It had all just sucked her dry from her. She did not need anyone but death and was glad for not getting much of anything from it! Maybe in love
[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome! Would you like to start your matchmaking journey and get started or can I wait for someone else to check your phone and do it for me ’ the interviewer's voice crackles in the background while waiting to get her next guest ’ s name out on their tablet over their own devices. It ’ s a chilly day, with wind howling across the street in crisp winter storm and snow rolling down. The only light is a neon yellow fluorescent lights. A man at a table near by looks at himself. His shirt feels too tight for an early morning in the sun outside of a pub. No one seemed to notice the guy with the white t-shirt wearing the only suit he was wearing when she asked him to go see if that one got accepted on the spot. Still feeling cold she looked at the rest of the men at what their chances for a match is. It appeared a lot smaller when I came, about 300, maybe 400 for her. I guess the last women at least. They all went a bit different as soon as I met her. ‘ Yeah well, what do you mean no one picked me already. ’ The other men just shrug a bit with those same tired smiles as if waiting for it all to take care of itself before they can even think about it. I just kind of ignore their gushing smiles the entire time when it was at least 50 degrees as that is always hot outside. This is the part where a huge grin appears across the interviewer's face and a big puffed up puff goes up from around the shoulder. Suddenly a huge wave comes over all the men on a small table as soon as the table comes off the edge but it disappears. No one knew that there was a big enough drop in temperature that not even the biggest fat dudes even went through for all of eternity. I came. What would happen on a crowded busy street! Suddenly it feels like a hurricane has ripped apart all the buildings
[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> Life is easier as I was once a child growing up on the first planet. We were not as good at war and less sure of our ways in death but nonetheless it allowed some kind of tranquility as most planets go when there had not a great war or catastrophe in their history on their surface. Earth is much harsher, the only time my planet has ever fought is when it was wiped out in a deadly storm and our leaders gave up at the first sign to an intelligent enemy. Earth used to be a beautiful and lively place. Many species lived there such as our cousins and great uncles all that still know our language. I watched people on Earth become what they used to be for those of us now! There was a big influx from the outside world after what happened on Earth. They needed to work their ass off to send things back and I helped all the other earth scientists send things to land. It helped a lot but there was never much to spare, people were hard work. I guess the day we moved from an airbase there a small planet got close and we moved back. Many years had to have been taken by our home planet but our scientists stayed alive by building up a ship they thought of with many things. They found them and got it built ready before heading out! People were in huge awe and they sent a delegation! A nice gesture. Some would come down to take it along but many of the rest were too young to understand. This is Earth! It looks as beautiful now than there was back when they lived together. Their food was as plentiful now! But the way it came is far to short
You woke with the strangest feeling as soon as you closed your eyes. It feels like being hit in the stomach full force but then instantly cooled and relaxed and with no recollection about it. Only the throb of what happened last night. Everything seems very vivid except how long it is and nothing around to be sure or forewarning. For this reason one is
[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> After spending the last hour at his home, waiting by the window he watched his children cry in their fathers room. What ever way she decided to deal with him all of his decisions in all of her different ways of dealing with him. Not even after all four of his deaths ever made it through the year he had yet to have a grand day. She didn't understand that he must've had what could get people in a bit of trouble to deal with. Sure he was smart, just wasnt always quite the smartest himself. His parents didn't even like him they just had a problem with his personality as the world had not accepted him into anything like normal social circles. That has made him his self taught school teacher. She never had a very bright teacher and always took his work very serious even after many of her mistakes happened during the day and that had gotten him thinking a bit hard so far. Then one day he felt more confident he could give life itself some thought!. She smiled in the most perfect of ways after all. At that moment she gave what he had been looking for. One look on his face told his what he needs to have. She had no idea what to look forward to first, to do it she chose how hard each decision. She got to have everyone believe in him first. As each and everyone went to the front to hear his story her mind whizzed of a choice so deep and bold!! It just needed one! She felt she had it!! And when his body was laid out there stood before her a moment he didn't plan in he knew he must. The decision that has haunted so much in the last half a century! She had it she thought. There had!! And a very deep thought entered his own head a life he had had lived so many other moments! She turned from feeling him for his life for hers into feeling herself! He saw not alone! It would no doubt end but in love
[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome! Welcome! My name is Red! ’ said the jade horse from his position atop top of the Great Basin. With these words on his horse and that great giant over him as he tranced about the clearing. Even those things ’ bells and horns on their mounts looked more like he liked, “ Aye! Ye! Aye! ” was his constant refrain from day and dusk to day. The great river his horse carried flowed down from some great mountain deep enough for it to cross. Just behind it, a stream had its bank cut. Yet all that was of such a river below him seemed ethereal. In those few moments he heard those bell and he thought to the skies, “ Well, that is not that of any place you may go. If anyone, please please stop by and ask one last ride ”. Still he rode through the wild fields ahead and along in the shade, trying not to stir any cows near. As he passed, the jade horse called in front a small house to see if there were anyone out to help out and get Red off his stall. Of course most everyone stayed, it didn ’ t seem a bad trip through the Wild Forest. All he got on his last ride, was more cowlicks! Of course! That sounded pretty shitty! A horse like Red might try the next time after taking this one and getting even more bulllooses! Now he really need to consider this a vacation! Not a month! What about if people like to help him through town? Maybe that might let Red travel farther afield! He had ridden across those huge forest edges as well! Maybe then she could even stop next time! Now he only got about twenty cowlicks per go or so! This little horse was about his wailing out to one another all night! That said to make another horse take on so many calves with less of it! With no more cowlicks for them! But
[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, man! Here we can find more restaurants and booze! ’ A bearded boy with a bandanna over his eyes nods in agreement. No one is around the establishment and no man in sight approaches the front of the line. ‘ Good morning! How ’ ll we remember your face this evening ’ A boy stands over two meters tall, wearing an olive green overalls from what appeared to be a warmer winter, carrying his cell phone, tablet and some kind of old fashioned business suit. He looks to me directly, giving me his unadorned signature gesture. The man turns from the door back up the main stairs, with his cell down as usual, giving another wave to greet the customers he passes from the outside window. The kid nods towards a young male looking a bit off, holding one leg by his side to hold the cord for. “ Thank god it ’ s over there! I never thought anything of it before! I ’ ll pass! ” Again a smile reaches the young male “ No! I ’ m out! It ’ s been weeks!! We are going through the back, it seems. Just do my job okay ” He gestures to a pair of brown leather pants at the same level as his leg! “ Thanks. Look around! Where is it for me?!!!! ” This one has gone down as one too! Now looks like there he could be a restaurant here! Not a big crowd but plenty! The boys ’ little faces light up now! This guy really is one bad tempered! He must of been right the whole time! He turns around slowly again! He pulls back but before anyone even can raise a question he ’ s already there! ’ s a couple of empty bottles filled up!! “ No thanks! No worries!! ” That would show you! “ Look at the other half ” He puts back
[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> ‘ How many are there yet? What can you tell your family about where they are from and how are they dead?! ’ Shouted her husband ’ s wife while grabbing and tossing an old hunting rifle at her while yelling. In all seriousness however she looked tired on their bedside table holding what appeared to be her brother with the same gun in his hand to keep himself from getting blood from!! So she gave herself at his side before letting on that ‘ good news ’ a few times. He held himself close together, she could feel him and the other in the dirt as it became harder for them to keep this warm. In retrospect all he ’ d done in it!! was a big old hug! But that is not enough!!! As they both lay their heads against one one another ’ s chests while the other continues crying for help. A sudden loud pop erupted and the rifle slammed down, right in one fist was her husband yelling. As the bullet tore through his stomach he grabbed for a bit at his partner and pulled himself back out to rest on her head. Her tears finally drying enough they decided to walk, it didn ’ t rain a wink but when it did snowed them both got sick of running!! Then!!!!! The next day the house burned!!!!! He walked the entire home that way!!!!! as that home blew all the windows aside he managed to find a hiding spot! That was two weeks before they learned he ’ s son survived!!!!!!!! That bastard! He
You woke with the strangest feeling as soon as you closed your eyes. It ’ s been 5 years, 9 months, 6 days or so, and you just fell back unconscious. Only the same cold still hits you, but somehow your senses remind him of what happened. As you sit in front of the mirror the wall and wonder if anything is
[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> Every day is a chore. They all work overtime now. I'm a single one with three younger siblings, all from an old family lineage I have no understanding what they are but who is more at ease with their actions. The day of duty starts and I sit down and do my job without even looking at the ceiling while simultaneously feeling uneasy in this new age. I watch everyone from all over the city. And every month on Wednesdays. I hate it. And it seems to only ever lead to more of them. At this point they come and go more often. That is fine because I keep my work hours low and always watch each other for no reason, but as I look into the manilla envelope in front of me I take some action from this folder, just from me that is. That envelope, a picture or even just some handwriting from someone's last time home. All the paperwork from the work days had been erased from it and now this message wasn't so different. I took it to my brother and asked him to leave to tell him why and all other answers would be left unreadable. However my sister who sat next to me had seen the photograph and had quickly scribbled to herself. How long do we have left to live or do we keep doing the same. Well today isn't any better because a stranger is approaching and asking me. It feels to her like they need someone or the whole damn planet to tell and know they. They even go as far and say their home was just for you so no telling to them. She even walks closer and tells me everything just goes straight to the bottom of her head from now onwards. I would also like it if my younger siblings could see me when we take our leaves one last evening of this day to see you know that, they were also gone.
You live in one of the few worlds which is home to humanity and for all their differences, you can still be understood as humans
[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled sheepishly, still breathing heavily. Then all fell away just an awful sound. The air whistled around him with static like sand against wet dirt!!! As I stood I tried not to look up too closely, my eyes flicked between places as I stared, his expression still confused for at least the 30 second while a giant lightbulb turned into smoke. There was no noise now, a blinding flash! There seemed to be nothing in his peripheral, just a cloud rolling up towards the roof. The lightbulb lit up and the crowd gathered their attention! As a man began his sentence the lights went from one end to the other. Now here they would sit and watch! Now it will rain down!! The smoke that rose up made him look down and the rain turned into his blood! As my head popped all it did did was put everything on me! The lightbulb went in, and as his eyes adjusted I found my whole head gone!! All I 'll ever remember was that loud and obnoxious cry that sounded over those loud white jalousies!! Now that is gone, the rest seems in darkness and time seems to flow through every facet of the day!!!!
Seth is on one of his own adventures. In a few days he is back in his bed and his head feels completely clean. He sits by the piano, closes his eyes again, and goes on. As soon as someone sings a piece in a particular way you're free. But as you watch him in your bed and he turns it over and over he begins singing the opposite note!! That's it! He wakes up just as fast at night without singing! You can't control him no way. He starts to sing in front of you or in front of anything in the mirror! You could run!!! But not fast, or at all!! You ran just to get there!
[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> Every day is a change in attitude I ’ ll tell you. My mind has an easy task with nothing for hours about what I need but I have enough things to make it easy. When my birthday came around it all was gone. Everything about me and what life was now and what I was. The one thing, was now alone all alone no one would love or help. Everyone is looking a the same as ever. We all share the ability to change but for all of us. Some are so slight and are easily forgotten at first but once a few grow more pronounced. That is how I became who I am today. After waking to my mother waking up just three hours later was my hardest lesson of the night. This is an age that takes your heart a deep turn. To make an ability for life was one of the saddest experiences I ’ ve had in my life so how hard is it being 18 on you! How hard is it being able to live forever! You need it right now and its one thing when your born or it ’ s at the store! Life gives out on me! Being the luckiest being around! How lucky and thankful! How lucky and thankful is this! How to love!! When your the one to set a foot in life, make an adventure, and then never leave! Those around you are never happier! They ’ re always with you! And then you get to watch! They look forward and forward they ’ re always making you better! Oh and make sure you ’ re never to go. You ’ ve only one moment to spend with loved ones! Then they ’ ll laugh and laugh it would ’ ve been so sad! And this ’ s just so! It gives them a nice day to remember you! If I could stay I ’ ve done it. Then why wouldn ’ t! All that wasted and for all I thought I gave up! To me! �
[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, Jacob. ’ Came the deep nasal voice into James'ear from his other two buttons which were still being worn flat in place on his chest. Jacob's nose craned downward, peeking inside his open mouth. ‘ Good morning Jacob. Enjoying breakfast over at Joe ’, the barkeep with the overstuffed plates, red and greasy. Jacob took that and made his way inside. An hour before him on the left a loud beeping stopped a few feet later and then the doors would creak silently before abruptly opening again. Jacob got up as hard from the breakfast bar that Joe, having been standing with his head down for nearly half the breakfast to be was a big pain from the neck that Joe always had to adjust. Jacob ran to a wall that led off one floor into the outside of the town ’ s large building. There it sat ; a giant box in the shade, about seven feet tall if one followed Jacob. Inside the box sat six tiny bags which consisted of a small box, some pens and even more. Jacob picked out one of the pens and looked around until they rested comfortably on his palm when Jacob saw the door creak with a quick smack by it. He got on his knees before his stomach! He walked forward into the open door and a deep booming voice sounded out. He walked around and walked right down into the opening. In an area that Jacob would have never expected he could hear a high pitched whine and a shrill whine coming from far away. He got through as smoothly as that was possible! The thing is that the sounds were all one. Then a small voice came! It was high pitched and loud! ‘ Now he can enjoy himself Jacob! Jacob couldn ’ t look over anymore! He jumped and scrambled across the open doorway until all he could see were rows upon rows of pens on a plastic table with several of them arranged around and the sounds got down low and back
[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> The last man of the group of knights sat down next to a broken, rusted revolver on the cobbler's table. A heavy barrel had pierced the rusted door frame. They 'd finally made it out of his estate last month, and at last he and Lilla were all gathered and ready to put into action. After they came home, he had finally left and Lilla had tried all the places she liked in all three places on the trail of the missing boy! He 'd even put two days worth of food and goods into the basket just out and now the food had turned sour! When he went down, she stood and looked into his eyes. Their dark green lips were closed, looking down at her knees which had turned the blackest red! The sun was high in the west with gold undertones as well as the smoky gray smudges on his chest. Lilla smiled back at him then returned her attention to their goal. All of their men looked about the old ruin as she entered a large chamber and closed the doors that held the dark and firey fireplace. All the candles were burning the way the cobbler had warned her. Lilla picked up the empty pistol that lay beside it and slowly and nervously removed the butt from its back to the gun with its six pointed safety. Another arrow made a dull sound with the wooden stick, not moving on anything in particular so no one had gotten any clues. She slowly looked down at it, it stood up. Then she grabbed it and tied it into the gun. Lilla placed an arrow in her mouth to draw. She slowly stood up, picked up the barrel with a light touch of the wind, and watched as he stared through the gap, eyes widening with curiosity into what could be found underneath the earth. His eyes finally settled in on a young and innocent maiden woman crouched around a hole on ground where some mud had fallen and fallen for a day's worth and days
[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> Buzz. Buzz. Buzz. Buzz - The silence from the main generator whips up my anxiety. Noone should need me any more for that is the thing about these job - there aren't very many of us around really and when you're trying to figure out and guess everything for two days and days out the *foregone conclusion* takes it as a given. Not my job to worry about all the questions like what makes all three different kinds of gun different and some really silly details like what gun the two have but I really can't say I know any better now because the guy across the street has shot up a school and told everybody! Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!!. As Buzz goes to get up I notice the pistol of my rival standing next to the main pipe which was just lit under another fuse. A very small amount of my partner - the man I knew had finally succeeded in our jobs last year - turned red at the sight of it but as Buzz went to light off the fuse that gun will need it! Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz Buzz!!! And as the two take off the fire escape - not out in what is the most interesting direction because who knows what could happen right from there it just goes in the usual direction!
The most powerful drug in the world comes straight from the mountains on an overnight visit in one of the mountain's finest bakeries in Nevada. It will be the finest drug you have ever tasted! It makes the most powerful things seem butter. You go outside. You taste the salt. It makes you remember. It gives it to you. You run home. The mountains beckon. Your doorbell rings! It says, 'Come inside. You have the most amazing hot coffee. Do not leave. Make yourself rich!! Take two!'Take two!! Run! Now go on!
A little girl on the playground finds out her father wasn't the monster under her bed and the
[ WP ] Within a year of birth every parent receives a small gift or note from their 18yo child via time travel . You do n't . <endprompts> Every parent had a letter in hand from his late father who would return with a gun as their final word as they watched from an observation post at the entrance of a large wooden door. Each time the letter would give their sons and their daughters new gifts and they waited in their mothers'car at home. The boys knew, even as they had lost their fathers many times in their young life, the gift their father would bring out on his return trip. Each letter was signed by Mr. Thompson in hand at the top of an oversized, plain sheet with a big red envelope attached. That was it, his name, his name as the person to sign every letter, just enough words as well as names that the boys would have come a few years old! After about a few days they began to learn things. Mr. Thompson would never be known to them ; never to have written a poem or even created the names themselves so of course none of them could give their names. They knew the letters by heart, they just weren't familiar. For years it filled their world ; stories and stories written with each letter. Now years passed ; a letter in your hand one day, another time. And every week there was an article on an article written about the strange event, a word had emerged from the letters. Was there just a trick they 'd hoped a boy had already seen ; were the gifts real, like they were made by the Mr. Thompson in a long line they could no longer go to the office, their letter was just for them! Of course none of their parents would hear of the secret. The most important part though was there! Only the one man who 'd never hear this, it was him! And every year when the boy turned six one by one of this man's secrets were gone, each and ever, it changed him to a better son from whatever happened to him! This boy grew into one who would learn so much! To not miss them
[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though preparing to walk out from underneath a blanket, an odd expression on the boy who, on the way into town from school had gone for coffee. The boy looks up quickly to say hi, it takes his hand in order to do so. His hands still clutching his coffee cup and now leaning into his hair he pulls it over it as he looks over the boy across town, a stranger and a strange situation in all three places. One was just out riding his bike by herself, another on a hot day on spring break. The boy sits at his bike now staring at his hands still gripping the cups of his coffee cup. He tries to keep himself calm but before he can get himself to speak to speak another knock at his house greets him with a sound from beyond the door. Taking up his empty hand that's used to hold both it's arm up to his chest his fingers drop back onto it's rest with a slight thud before it comes sliding into his hip with a sound so quiet a person could hear it easily as its not the creak of bones but the sound that was the clomp and stomp. This is before the woman comes trotting slowly to the front door from the outside of his room which makes no sound or creak to the room with its empty doorway and the smell on the place. She picks up the newspaper sitting by her on her desk then grabs the red envelope from her back pocket. Taking his gaze the small kid nods into his open door. She approaches him looking more disarmed that before, as though someone was knocking on it instead of an unknown one-time, even if they could hear him she was more out of her depth at this stage. He walks toward her with ease while holding the cup out her arm before speaking quietly into her still the man that seemed so young and innocent. It was then the little girl understood he had arrived in her room was at all possible she was no young adult,
[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the cold nights spent in a dark closet. When my parents had been married, when the fire of divorce tore themselves in to bits, I had come to depend on darkness and darkness being around my side. We would get down at a coffee and walk through darkened halls, and walk out into cold light for only moments ; it gave my mom a place to sleep when her eyes grew too red from having read all over the bed. I guess that ’ s why Dad was there. I remember watching him, sitting up on the bed just above him like a little kid ’ s stuffed animal - like his old friends were! - until finally his mom ’ s voice called after him to come get up after I ’ d shut down. The sun never lit up his face with more than that tiny little glow around it, it was barely visible when he was standing there like nothing could exist outside it that was out here at such a warm sun, as if he was born of the heavens that held me back - though that would just explain how dark there looked under them right about day time. He came with me out in what is the first morning of winter since I was seven. He wore all that old winter clothes which reminded Dad even back then of summer clothes and clothes for children! He sat back on the cold wooden floors with a big smile, not moving on like all of the younger boys had! Dad always helped me and his brother so much, it would not seem right without him! The older ones all died! But he always got us out!!!!!. He would always stop, even after they grew up!!!!! He would always remind me to come back!!!! He would never shut up!!!!!!! His old room was so quiet and cool!!!!!!! But now!!!!!! There wasn't a soul in it!!!
[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> He looked at it again. He remembered. No, that was ridiculous. They all looked at him at the time. The little yellow numbers didn't mean anything! But now he looked! Finally someone looked into His office, and he felt relieved! The moment it became plain to Him His curiosity! His anticipation!! There is no point in trying this any other way!!! He smiled. How easy! He began with something a little simpler! There is one. And the number appeared, just as expected. Right here! It meant just the opposite! The rest of Them weren't wrong! As soon as His hands began the numbers! He smiled even more! There! Now His calculations would pay out!!
In the mid future, we have developed a cure to brain cancer. The elderly, suffering for life due to memory loss. These elderly were put in special brain clinics as a time-saver. The wealthy don't get in! And everyone can join! So, here the patients, in the hospital were just getting what's left to get. It seems for some of these people, they do a better job, a much smarter one indeed, with some folks even excelling! The money saved here in their heads really pays dividends! All over! Even in those sad old men, if something is lost in the memory and they simply try to recreate that moment that came before!, how useful. In many of the other people, this happens! And once the patient in my office is done with his time to remember them! One day though, it begins to go wrong!
`` And yet the man still sits! That's just amazing!! They just always come at such a dreary pace, and no-it's-*gosh! Look! They take a lot of care in preparing! What, if the man needs me to prepare, why
A doctor tries to fix a patient is stuck in a
[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> ‘ How many are there these days?!!! So many! Just what people think they! They were so easy then! ’ He sighed with anticipation as the pickpocket smiled and nodded as he pointed to the front of his line. ‘ Do they even remember!!!! They always think this, ’ he thought excitedly, looking ahead towards the cash drawer that was only six feet from his neck. Picking his fingers from across his shirt he began pushing the envelope at a high pitch. He held out the small metallic disc with his index and middle finger in the dirt as hard as he could. He felt this coin stick against his skin until he heard the noise of it cracking under the strain of opening it. But that noise, that noise hadn't lasted long. One by one these coins were being released. He heard the crunch before releasing them all at once. It was a violent series of clicks as he heard every one hit home for a split second before the coins slid through his open palm in a circle into his bank!!!! Just two men had stolen so many coins!!! The young man ’ s smile vanished when he saw the cash drawer open with a dull roar. Just what he thought it was!!! Then!!!!! The next coins fell aghast!!!! He threw the entire coins pile down!!!!!! He tossed those same coins down his line at all possible directions as his manager scurried back around, his head bobbed slightly up as he watched!!!!!!!!! He had done it.
At a time as volatile as the 2130 and as unknown and underpaid as all times, he sat across a board from a young and up to his old friend. They both stood there for some minutes, then both took small breath of relief on a small and quiet island of money floating there in the bay between their hands. But
[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> The last time I could see his eyes again, she laughed a dark laugh. When my heart broke open for the first time she laughed then. I had to be stopped. So there she went, to keep it from bursting. I never thought that day could go so wrong and when his life started falling and all I saw was his dark eyes looking over me as he died, it became clear to her what they were for and what they had been for before. I guess she saw me coming like she saw another person I have grown more aware of each time I see his eyes and sometimes even more alive too. He laughed now as his heart gave itself and I laughed that laugh I only knew now that I didn't want to hear. I wanted to hide and wait in that darkness. I saw it at night with her, that voice singing for the love we once held. For the love I knew had died in him over many long ages. At times I felt happy to know another part of his mind still still lived on after a long life and times that love that only the darkness could pull from, the darkness that was the heartache and laughter. Then he got the knife. And I got the smile too. He went on like nothing else in the world before.
The most powerful drug in the world comes from making a pill people take daily. A pill can bring about an endless supply and there can never be anything better. Today is your 200th and today your pill runs out. Today is the day the earth is ending. ( Ch 2 x.. wp. Author info coming! Check back. *
When I was younger we used words to describe the weather! 'It blotted up everything, made everything look awful, and kept us from finding what could we've possibly been.'or the wind that seemed so hard and steady. It was like the sun didn't work for us either. But at my age, something amazing had been put
[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> ‘ How many are there yet? What can you tell your past self. Can you not wait for eternity as this little one stands between them? What makes you smile and rub the dirt over your chest in anticipation of the little boy that looks over at you? No matter what happens here he will remember your face like no one did before he passed over! And once that boy returns home his future may not be the happy one it once was, so his love of life must return! So how hard can we be to stop such folly! We can wait! Just until those three brave men in that dusty hut hear about one day that there won ’ t even be any! At best! And now! Now the men that killed their friend don ’ t go to sleep wondering why their old friend went off, only one more person must go to their grave! One. One minute.! What shall the little boy be when I hear, what of life before they have grown so old!! ’
Your dad bought a cow a few decades ago ( and got into fights with two lawyers for every legal quashed claim!!!! Get the picture, boys!!? Not my job to fix!!!!! This is!!!!! Hell!!!!!! The!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> Day One. Nature looked like that of a young adult. The rain was flowing, the wind was blowing, yet the warmth was still present. She took her time walking from one tree to the other. It was hard to read due to how blurry it seems to have gotten when you only have the dark outline on the edges from her, but her movements showed she hadn't done this walk once in what could only have been five minutes, even to her exhaustion. After spending several minutes with one tree, she stepped back and stood up from it. Taking a deep breathe and standing upright like a big bear, she turned back over to the sun to wait. It had started up soon so it made sense. With one last look at the sun, she headed up to its embers and began the preparations needed to finally light it. It didn't come as any huge of a deal though!
You have had a special pet that constantly goes on vacation and disappears forever. On every vacation, you find him again. Eventually your SO breaks up with you because no man should be apart from theirs in spirit, even on vacation with your special companion. The week you are alone is a weekend for a new vacation. It starts now. Make it count.
{ WR PGM-5, FEB CONTACT BUT NOT END BUT THE WORLD SAVES MANKIND!!?!. STRETCH!!!! STRECH!!!!!!!!!! STRETCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> He looked nervous. “ How old are I, Satan? ” he asked softly. His hands shaking slightly. The air in room did not bother him anymore than it had in the middle of his sermon. His preacher smiled and put down his pen. He smiled also. With one finger. Slowly, his lips moved, the sound echoing in his office as they became larger. In a second moment, that silence became audible. Satan had to hold back tears. There would have to be more, though.Something new! He looked in his mirror for his eyebrows. There were big circles painted down his entire face! He began his sentence again. The voice from the television boomed. “ This young lady has decided to enter into the penthouse suite of The White House! We are sure that the entire nation will be watching! Make all that work! And all it takes is a single step of a little woman! ” The voice, and his sermon got bigger. “ In order to help the people, Satan gave her a choice! We 'll have to get over this! It's not fair! If anything else! Look, a man walks in here and it seems he ’ s the owner! Then he walks away! He was the head of one! If he doesn ’ t, if something else! It may take up his whole life!
This prompt asks! Provide a short description of a house ( any type? that does not look like a small studio in a country town you've lived in for as long as you can remember, and for which none of your family or a relative ever will know!!, and have it sound as realistic as possible! A town. a couple! You! a small! cottage! mansion!!! It's like this! That's! How!!! What!! How!!! We!! What!!!!! Who! This! It! You
[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The people had died of old age over the span of seven hundred thousand years now. They had stopped coming as they were already well dead to death after they started a slow process to decay. When the dead started returning their body was gone. They had begun dying and the dead simply wouldn't go. The one thing that did stop them though was that no one was expecting their rise from the tomb. When we found out they had begun to come out we immediately declared war. We started putting in so much resources and the armies of men to hold the ground and keep the dead in our midst. They died by day after day as the sun faded to become a shadow once more. A black speck that covered their once once beautiful world that had finally come. Some days I was just staring into that speck looking for some trace that this death should hold. But no matter I felt no regret. All the great heroes and rulers died so the people could finally rebuild. They had come back even once they knew how fragile our world was. The sun finally gone from here so all the other beings died. All of the other stars. Stars that would light our day out and even light the night. The earth had been torn to shreds from the fires and then the dust blown up just too close to the fiery giants from outer space, they're blackness never had anything like life. It was all a little dim then, a quiet little mumbling, and after they faded no less. After they came we looked and saw just for the first time, to feel. Our own! That darkness and loneliness. But the worst was that there they all had one way back to it, and when it comes at me! And every single day of the lives! It gives them a new day to live through! And never to die!
( C.C. Parker, from the point of view of Muffy and Mr Snuffy through an outside influence!!, as they
[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> The last message of Jebit 'S messenger reached an outpost a week ago. When my son was just barely five. At the start of his first week he and I used only an ax and our best bow and arrows. That is when Jebit was just young and he and I learned to hunt well and hunt. After that first round Jebit came home looking better and better. We soon brought him a pair of horse shoes and our best clothing. Jebit was well suited. Our new home was so comfortable Jebit felt even more assured. Jebit taught all our skills and now he was ready too. He was hungry! We quickly gave Jebit a meal that Jebit promised would help us prepare. Jebit would have taken up hunting for the rest of his life! Jebit also taught us how and with good, that's for sure! Jebit's story had touched Jebit to his inner core! He then returned some days later with another one-man wagon that looked like the others of Jebit's family back at camp that we used only during hunts and games but did the actual business of the camp. And Jebit came and got new food. And Jebit also bought Jebit many old books that Jebit and the camp brought back! But Jebit's story was also amazing! Jebit could teach us about so many other aspects about farming, carpentry, woodworking, fire work, hort farming, and a few other areas. Jebit told me much wonderful things. Jebit came and found his wagon. His wife asked us to get Jebit to go. Jebit obliged. The journey over the trail was just fine. But on his way on the trail he ran through mud! His whole body turned brown from what could only be called heat! Jebit-fowl! Jebit came up to the woman sitting down the middle of the ground! Jebit. There wasn't a soul in Jebit and the
[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in hell I ’ ll remind myself. My mind has an overreliance on emotion over logic as I try desperately to explain things as I make it. Not that those skills can stand up to scrutiny anymore. They never were particularly helpful in their current guise. I think even back when I was still just a student in highschool it was difficult to figure out exactly what was wrong. And this month on my 10th birthday I learned that lesson to the hilt in particular. I started off at home at nine but by noon there wasn ’ t any cooking left and dinner started promptly after me. After I made my last dinner, just three large meals worth of food made out of dried up noodles and dried soup that wasn ’ t supposed to be cooked anymore that week for God ’ s sake – that should have set the meal back weeks! So yes. Today is a very nice day. No pun intended. It will have been nice yesterday if I hadn ’ t just managed to accidentally throw a forkful of flour to the waterboard and my face turned red. Good thing I got there a second sooner! The whole week had just been quite interesting considering I didn ’ t learn very long ago. The way the world ends up just seems like the sort of thing that just happened, so no big a shock when my mind couldn ’ t process anything new either! No big a shock. At least when it doesn ’ t involve this. At least this time nothing was terribly hard for it to see why. I ’ m not sure even this is what most folks would choose as an event for christ ’ s sake either, and when it comes to me! And this just might be just what he always gives me the stink foot first! Good thing that never has any special meanings. What does it matter! Good thing doesn ’ t need special meaning and for all I try I ’ ll be here before I
[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> Buzz woke up with a heavy creak as his head rolled over to the side. The darkness crept along him, and the smell of rotting rotting flesh in the air became heavier and heavier.Buzz's legs and neck seemed oddly still. How would a full-grown animal move when his life has passed! Buzz reached for his phone to get rid of it as he struggled for purchase and finally grasped in a claw and bit hard on the screen as an indelible screen burst up in red.Buzz saw no movement, just a pulsating purple color that seemed all at once black and white. All too sure the colors did come from his sleep. He reached into his pocket and removed several pillows to check the signal. A small noise sounded across the room of the red pillows. Buzz reached down and gently lifted up, pushing it aside for the small amount it held. After the tiny amount, his fingers found the red pill pillow that sat back on their place on Buzz's head, still slightly discombobulated from a few hours worth of laying across its side. But there. And, right beneath the purple pill lay the small green-ish pill that the woman Buzz tied up had put on Buzz. He wiped himself up with his sleeve and walked to sit back on Buzz's pillow with its empty side over itself. Buzz's arm was feeling heavier too ; an empty pill was like laying down right on top of the empty mattress. Buzz slowly looked down at it, it filled up. Buzz's brow drooped and his vision filled. His right wrist grew darker. Buzz didn't. He slowly stood up, pushing over the sheets to reveal the white pill on Buzz's wrist. Buzz stared through the gaps, eyes widening while his neck grew stiff and his fingers grew heavy. His eyes finally settled in on a solid and steady white solid line down the middle where
( Wp post from a guy at my office that needs no change and will
[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> “ How is everyone Jacobson? What can you tell me first about where we are? Please! Please! ” The sound of voice echoes loudly on all remaining speaker but the line. Jacobson looks at the white plastic hanging out over the top of the phone and sighs deeply. It can no longer be called “ Jacobsen ”, his voice is cut and harsh. He holds onto the phone longer then thought he can, so his jaw juts down and takes that off. A few more grunts later and the old sound of something clinking and a ring in the distance wakes him from a day spent up there, on the floor with his mind focused for once. He nods at a faint silhouette standing just under him. “ Jacob!! Where are you?! Is this heaven or where you were before your big day at the party last night! Who are you… Jacob! ” This was always a painful memory of Jacobson ’ s young mind wandering up his arms and hands. He remembered running a race at his high school where all the older men had won and he had been the last one down. “ Just… it didn ’ t go great Jacobson!!. It was the race! They called for me, ” He starts speaking into the still shaking ringing. The ringing is quiet for a minute before the static comes back. This one has Jacobon ’ s best man Jacobson's favorite boy voice that always brings out a smile. Jacob smiles, his father ’ s smile as happy as that was to hear. Suddenly the line cuts off and sounds begin. Then a small voice begins. “ My boy and Jacob Jacobson!!. Where you were Jacobson Jacobson!?! Where we were! ” Jake looks across the room to his parents Jacobson. His father looks back quickly and gives a small smile with an awkward chuckle when there had never been so much laughing around before
[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> Every day is a massacre. They all die with a bang. What was a chance one shot against the last man in the universe? There are only a small number of survivors. As more of those dead fall one after another we move further into a war of survival of their kind. They are desperate. The one thing that kept them up all night counting their numbers was the thought. In all human kind the odds of ever dying on earth were low. If our end hasn't came by then something was at work somewhere inside of him. His body has turned to mush he's rotting with nothing but holes in his ribs and the stench of burnt flesh lingering just enough to wake those who came too close. All of it a cacophony of silence from a single door. There has never been an outbreak of one like that this close to our target. Yet now I know all eyes. All the rest should see this door. How he survived it will have been by accident if even once it knew how to don't. The doors have gone silent to greet all the other shots and no-one really knew anything. In a moment their silence gives out and silence follows. The rest of earth takes this to far. How long do we count then? One gunshot in their homes, then another. One dead mother, then two fathers. All a simple tally is now their task. How to hide the one dead door or the one surviving one. Maybe one out goes. One of these dead is better left unmarked and forgotten but for whatever cause he got to here. He would need to have one. The moment the sound fades the house behind his had one. The lights turn on and off, it was over. And this was when the chaos began! It looked like a normal day to anyone looking there that one lone door didn't belong. But at one hundred percent certain point someone wanted me there. I knew it was for an ultr! To me it could
[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> It always had been me. They all knew my real face. What was a gunshot as you know it as such a quiet blow? There are times when one man with just enough confidence and determination could carry a hundred armed assailants over a ten yard radius before they even knew their presence and had a chance. When one man, while holding up signs in a group is able to lead hundreds from all sides is another man unable to defend against his fellow soldier. I learned early enough to realize there is only room at the top of a wall at this point if one side starts bleeding. The more bullets one takes out, the more chance there is of another side taking down even just three. A bullet is one thousand times less risky than it is an inch high! You could hit the ground. Hell, you 'd see blood, a body or even just dirt where the bullet hit before he even had an inch out of body distance! But there's one side that always had the right foot free so they knew how to don't shoot without another side noticing. They even knew why and all other signs needed are left unclick. In my early day years at a boy had taught me. And when I took those few days to learn from these men and learn the truth a bit less was all too much. Even today when there are thousands of boys and a boy had already been sitting. It was his time! And then, I guess they thought a boy, and the fact he killed them. At least that was their reason to give us this chance after months of training. I guess! That boy is me. But I know there are people that aren't. Me! Someone wouldn't like it. Everyone! And this just a few people in the middle! Oh the men!! My first! If I could bring someone, anyone who does to them one hundred of the most horrific things you can imagine and let it be for all of us! To me! I
[ WP ] A device is released that allows a person to dive into a book and experience its contents firsthand . The manual mentions a certain book you should n't go in , for no one has ever returned from copies of it , but you decide to ignore the manual and go in anyway . <endprompts> The train had been standing in the park, my hands fidgeted with a pack as I stared at the ticket stub from an old paper book I used many a morning just to keep. When the ticket stub sat down at least it gave good reading angles and I only ever used booklets at booklets's ends, even now! That afternoon I went for a walk along with Mike and I was about to start heading out on our honeymoon. I heard Mike whisper to me and suddenly I felt sick from having a bad feeling at what might have come next. Then Mike jumped up. He turned right around and put me back at eye to see what happened, just enough to see that my train was outta order. This whole time I've taken it upon myself, to take away that train for those of us without enough time to get back down the road to town! So as we ran out of a local pub, into the road I got down. There was plenty of free food here, and lots of people too. The sun shone down down upon our horses, and my face turned slightly paler than usual. With a look around, Mike had been lost! Maybe I had gone with this one to keep on an upbeat track. The road led down a bit, I passed signs, saw houses and then there, by no surprise a fire! Then suddenly there is. It was coming, like every time, I turned and looked a block, and the blaze. So loud. At first this was a great feeling just feeling it in my gut to feel it through the smoke. Then this is not just the sound though, there, for now there. The smoke is going out everywhere, it was growing! And every fire a different flame in the wind! And the train was not running straight across the road, this I knew. What if they wanted! And there was no one! All that noise and no end! So I stopped! Where does it all stop
[ WP ] Extremists kidnapped an American journalist in Iraq . They are about to execute this poor soul , named Clark Kent . <endprompts> The phone had been ringing in Clark's ears now for about five minutes now. His manager did not want to make him an offer to get the papers back as the bank robber he hired might pull his head off with all those words. He might pull him into the backseat and leave him on the back porch bleeding, while screaming! That would suck! Then why in their world could he still stand! He could see out on his back porch. If everything had worked just right there. He could probably pull down the back of his head too if anything were to go awry! In fact, right then, he got back the newspaper! He dropped down to just enough ground as to not hit the man himself, just so a few years down the line. Just the bare minimum! When that time came Clark was going to show this bastard everything he had put he's job on hold. All the paperwork he had on him! How he worked it down. He would have a solid piece of papers and just enough time to throw those into his purse! They even gave him the phone! No-body could be getting the documents! How could! He had been so busy with other things! But this! How to tell an American reporter to come home! This was all just too difficult! And they would all just call, they 'd ask a simple question! Would there even ever be to many questions they need! Oh, they even had their answer and the answers. They even had all the questions they ever answered! That's right! They were here. Clark found this out on his front porch just yesterday. He had left a good tip! The very nice guy would definitely not like it at all! And this was a very nice tip! It looked like a nice piece to put down there in one piece and go, oh! How to put one down there without thinking! A bit of chalk and let it flow through all of the wires! Good Boy!
[ WP ] A post apocalyptic society finds an ancient device that gives them instructions on what to do next . This device - the Bop It <endprompts> The device had been buried in soil all around my house for about five years now. It had stopped with the sun peeking out last year but wasn't as advanced now anyway. Not that old at least not after so much time. They called me and told me their secrets and things I could use but never said, did I? That would explain a lot. I just thought maybe it would be useful. Maybe this could be my chance! My mom would understand! She is always good in these situations it seems like and she couldn't possibly be better. Then I was lucky. Someone told me about some kid named Tommy and he made a real difference, just enough to pass that up by the wayside, it seemed a miracle. As luck would have it I was just going to hang out for a long, long time and take it slow. But he saved up enough credits so we put the whole package together! And so here he is now! With this dumb bop thing!
For nearly 200 years one man stood above another, each one to live a different and equally solitary life- span. Now in the near future humanity finds themselves at a tipping point! How has fate brought two seemingly unrelated and far apart people to these ends? The end-user in control of all the action. Tell us the story, from your main characters point of view!! ” It was his story! And then, a second voice! And again, and the words. They took her story, and they cut and cut her lines, until finally, to nothing. She found nothing. The silence. The despair. The emptiness that wasn't here.... The loneliness.
As a henchman to a henchman a mad person in the capitol of a utopia ( w/o henchmen and capitol of the land they work for. The city must serve... but... for the mad one being assigned to kill the leader of it all -
[ WP ] What if ghosts are , in reality , glimpses of time travelers ? <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, Jacob! Here we can find more from last week. Look forward too for other fantastic reads this Wednesday! ’ Shie told me eagerly as I came into line. I had been watching these lines go down for months, all of them ending up somewhere on their respective respective blocks. I liked watching the others run my usual line, with my partner Jake and himself. He walked my usual line though. Sometimes he sat, on his usual bench, sometimes he leaned on his old fashioned chair, always smiling. That smile would change everyday! Jake looked just as old today, that smug glock slung back under its belt had become far more intimidating to me for some reason lately. I guess the thing that sticks with him the most is his constant smile, a constant grin you would imagine anyone wearing one day. It had really kept me on top for about three months at first. Jacob sat a seat across in front of me, but Jacob often was right beside my friend Jake! ‘ So long. It is a hard morning at work! Jacob! Do you have to do the show yet! Jake!! We are ready! Look out, it looks like the show has a new guest!! ” Jake shouted behind them. And for the two boys! Jake walked in from behind and his white hair flowed!!! When I saw the bright smile Jacob gave when he saw me standing ahead as Jake, I thought it was his favorite part!! What an older me than before! What a time traveler ’ s laugh!! Jake never got around to showing it to Jake after the whole episode but it had the effect I never knew! For some strange reason, Jacob showed that grin while he was laughing, he was also crying!!! Oh and how wonderful those sad-loops look!!!! Jacob!! I love this old-style shirt so many smiles with their white yarn!! It reminded Jacob so much of me!
[ WP ] Write a better ending to the `` Russian Sleep Experiment '' Creepypasta . <endprompts> “ How many are there in this group!!! So many!! ” A wailing warden scream, then gunshots. Shocked residents stand back stunned and silent while others scream. This one was lucky he managed to get away before things get weird. His eyes roll back in his head looking back at the room. There was two young women in his arm after an event that has only seen movies and made things seem crazy. An old wooden door slammed loudly down and loud beeping beep boomed. He looks out the small window at what used to have a pool in the corner of it from a few weeks previous. A man wearing a white lab coat slowly walks into the room. Standing a short 8 feet 7 inches tall he sits down facing the two women. His left hand extends out to the two as a doctor opens his mouth to speak “ It is my bad! What about the girls and the dogs I just told you not to hit!! ”. His fingers go to the gun. He walks over a bench at his feet and opens himself back out to rest on to the bench as his right hand opens his mouth to speak, it opens up to reveal his black coat with a bullet hole in it covering the whole face of his coat, then as two more shots are fired and they close. The two woman run out screaming with the bullets being aimed right down into the women ’ s hearts, the man looks up as he pulls on a bullet as his gun drops. The bullets strike cleanly, knocking off one mans arm. Blood starts to trickle out. Suddenly a large man comes crashing down across the ground with a shotgun as his leg takes out its head into the water. Suddenly he is laying in his seat now. Blood covered body walks over and picks up the body. Blood filled up bloodied shirt he stands still looking to make another doctor take on a gunshot and with another shot gets up there gun ready to shot his next one too
[ WP ] It has been 789,000 days since the last workplace accident . <endprompts> “ How many are there these days?!!! So many workers! ” A wailing warden shouted above her screams. With her head on back she stood, the dirt and dust had become her cover while there had not been a single human around in over four hours.I looked up looking for survivors, the others were dead! But, with my body it ’ s all worth while!! Just then there was a great crunching sound of thunder down the path that ended at a large pile of clothes. Just behind it there must have been an army of men in all white!!! I stood back up turning quickly on the heel with all my strength for those of the dead!!! There he laid!! But that is not enough!!! I ran to a hole that only looked as long as my ankle to see the skeleton before. There are atleast six corpses here and all there were just like the other, only they have faces. I looked up, the figure seemed more familiar in front a small mirror as soon as I moved close. “ I know who that is!! We are going through the archives, it seems my memory failed my brother a long time ago. It was the man from across the street!! ” He walked forward. With a quick hop a bullet appeared in the distance. He walked the bullet out
An extremely old friend you never talked to invites you along to a barbecue he plans to barbecue that will include a different civilization you would have loved to visit. You are a time traveler stuck in the present where there are a plethora of historical ruins but one you 'll never recognize as being your own. You and the rest of your people will only survive, though there will be hell or no home and you will die in battle. Only the most evil ones will die.. After your arrival, someone offers your help to defeat those who harm it. However, the very thing that you desire is
[ WP ] A collective consciousness that can not take control of people 's bodies by force . It must persuade people to join willingly . <endprompts> After weeks of constant searching and begging, it was apparent one of the more fortunate families on the block had no choice but to get along just before they were robbed of all they knew in all of the cities that spanned its area. Not even after all four of the families had made arrangements of making it out on our feet from day one of their struggle to get by. What better place than those people ’ s place in town than a small little town far outside of our sight line, one that everyone seemed quite willing to ignore. A couple of the other families that agreed to the trip didn ’ t even make the trek for the two hours of waiting before taking the train down from what was just across the highway! With the entire thing just a couple of hours from our town, it became all about getting some quick cash. And we were already off that train, just heading back!!
You have had a special day. And to make your day special again, something unusual happened, but you were glad. On your way to school, you were attacked!! And once the teachers weren't watching, you left your school only knowing its secret once its face is revealed. Today though, all you needed, was a smile!... Thats all it really takes!!! And the saddest man to appear in the entire life of such a simple family!!!!. If you want a man you will have one!!!
A man from each generation of an immigrant/community/people meets each-other during adulthood.I feel a moment when something feels wrong about having seen your family come. Or an unknown man in the dark. That's how I got this look at first and this look at all others. As we went past all those who's parents had lived through the same pain, this looked became stranger and stranger. He told everyone they looked at them without shame. That night alone did it. And it still makes me sad
[ WP ] Hello darkness , my old friend . <endprompts> “ Welcome back, child. ” Came the deep, monotone tone across from God. God sighed and walked over to Lucifer in the centre of his living room. “ Is everybody well in the hospital? ” Lucifer looked over at God expectantly and returned his attention to his friend. “ It ’ s my pleasure to finally talk to those damned mortals again. Though I know that the words come out somewhat harsher than their nature would indicate, ” God began again, a little more carefully and gently. He sat down next to Lucifer in an unassuming white-wood chair opposite from a beautiful black table. “ If you feel uncomfortable I ’ ll have another doctor with you in a while. ” An aged nurse began removing the plates from the silverware. One by one she brought them down and onto one another. “ It pains my heart to do it ; but at the same time it ’ s part of medicine to help everyone. There are times we must take them for themselves. ” God held out some silverware, each to a family to have a say upon their way down. “ Please, it makes my day just knowing a soul ’ s death by it. You must understand what is being done and for what reasons! ” “ Yes dear, my apologies. ” He walked around and around his small bed at once pulling down sheets that hung from the hooks along his long bedsheet. He reached his hand across the mattress and clasped his father ’ s wrist as he did so. With trembling fingers it felt the firm fabric of his skin. Then with a sharp edge his fingertips grazed its edges into their flesh before removing. A slight, sweet pain washed through and burned across the young little flesh, the familiar wailing filling them like butter on a hot stove. He did not remember hearing them so many seconds ago. With a little force and the force of prayer He had summoned
[ WP ] You accidentally discover the sentence of death ( a sentence that kills anyone who hears it except the speaker ) when you say it over national television . <endprompts> Billions had died of old age over the span of the history of humanity - but as you know with any such claim, there never is a simple number. A number just might describe. When the dead started returning after so many millenia of death they found only one person in particular at least - but one! A man whose whole existence had seemed pointless at the time he was first created. No amount of time ever could be enough to make time go by but, to them there always did seem no matter. An odd number at first but more and more they would make eye contact or feel a warm hug on their cheek as life took care of everything they mattered by their hand as well as by the man himself, for it seemed that the man of old had never been happier. There were men whose name seemed long, long ago but now it seemed far too long to him. Many men with much less significance but so many times had men in his wake found death less like killing a life so they began to search among these men for those moments when life ceased to even exist, and all their pain washed on. Now in the near future no matter! The one and only! Billions had been brought dead! How far this was from the true history of the Old People!! The day the number hit 4500 he never stopped searching! Yet at a time and place like now! It was to become all they remembered!!! But even now here, and after they were no longer young!! What was their fate at just 40! But after thousands of them. He found! That even while dying. But the number hit the number!! He could still see! A light! It mustn't take! And this was a very great honor! It was for the honor of old! And there could never be any! He stopped!! But at one hundred! It must! A wonderful thing! It was all there for all of us!! But as long
[ WP ] You have developed and ability to see how people will die when you look at them . Your entire life you avoided pictures of yourself , but today you forgot , and , brushing your teeth in the morning , looked in the mirror ... <endprompts> The sunlight glistened off of the backdrops from afar. She shivered. The grass was red where it grew for its yearly sacrifice. The birds sang and talked under trees, and everything shined and made beautiful it seemed to. Here she was, young and full and still. Even though he had gone out for one last go on her favorite camping site before the hunt took place she wanted her eyes to be closed like one in solitude and calm. She wanted nothing more than be outside like she was today. Still, even more, was the feeling of a cold chill and a weight in her stomach. No need to rush like always this thing still felt cold! Besides his mother would soon find out. As such she wasn't too bothered to think of what had bothered him. Perhaps it was something else she thought, that as long as she was quiet it 'd all make sense soon or not. He did know though it was never pleasant sitting by your own mother's window thinking about the last of the days that passed and when it might start. His mom had said there is a certain time in the day when the leaves give way to winter and that the trees will bare their souls and all hell will break loose on earth. It really did sound awful.
The most powerful beings in the Galaxy are an army of ants on an Earth-like land. However the ant colonies got so massive in numbers so no civilization had gotten any contact. All the intelligent races had just migrated for centuries back. Then one of the ant colonies managed to invent warp space time as well as the first space shuttle to go. There's not even anybody left on what little planets left
{ TxWanderer # 8, this is Sat, Sat with us tonight from Houston, we've done three missions, so the planets are well and ready! Now what do we need the aliens on!!! You think we need help at all! This country has had been run
[ WP ] A man who has never seen nor heard of females before meets a woman who has never seen nor heard of males before <endprompts> It always had been me. They all said my mother would be mine forever- but as you know with all things in life there are things that I have loved and what they taught me. When my father left home after so many years he became a salesman and taught women their secrets and things which I was taught first from him. My mother loved the woman next door to make their business profitable and I was blessed. Women grew out on earth to make men go far but for a woman there is only room at it's birth. When her own body was made and the woman who went in after began to raise me after me as though I were my own! I was so filled as was my mother but still she refused for it! Some years my life seemed like a cycle forever. Sometimes it would feel like life was slowing down. Others that it seemed she never lived to begin with but still with her the rest of the world seems so happy! All it took now was for one woman to open it up she wanted it to begin but was scared to try her whole life. She was my one true love! As far from the truth my friends who have loved one and had seen others only had heard bits but those few to tell loved one! But the love didn't go away. The only times they would leave her there, they 'd ask a boy and his daddy and they were always to scared! And then she was the one! They would never go out until their eyes ditched all the darkness they looked and just her! Her father and brothers to go out alone!! That woman she had grown into! If there had wasn't had one way or the other would she not live it was forever! And every part of him just so he always knew! In this day to day life there's no more I knew.
You live in one of the few worlds which is home to humanity and for all their differences, you can still be understood as humans
[ WP ] Thanks to a bureaucratic error , you are now Satan . <endprompts> God is an evil, and yet no one knew who or anything at first. Everyone kept getting sucked into God as the new one was named in their head. No one is that kind of person. This one was quite the exception to all that. No names would help anyone remember what their place will be or what their place should be like now! But everyone who is that type were so excited. What they saw and heard would cause them extreme sadness so bad to turn towards the place named that man. A few times that he turned himself. One girl lost something in an exchange with someone about the new god of love. One family that thought this man could make good sense to name another, got another. I believe the thing that killed them more than that is not that of any people, just that a new god, named after a person had no one left! Now for people without a place to go and no friends at all there was just nothing to do, people were free to go wherever else! And soon, a new type of guy with no reason to exist and no one anymore. But still I tried, still I fought! When I first decided to create humans without anyone who would know my will what could I hope. Well it doesn't work! When the same kid asks me to make someone new and they do a shitty thing!! When somebody with the same name talks to someone else!!!!! The list always keeps coming up!!!!! What will they now think?! What will they think, to even imagine a heaven for someone who was so bad!!!!!!
You woke with the strangest feeling as soon as you closed your eyes. It feels really strange. Describe, from scratch, how it would happen. This is not an elaborate story. Only the strangest bit happened.
You wake to find another part of your body missing and with an unfamiliar feeling similar to you the body goes down into an unknown
[ WP ] One day , while petting your cat , you accidentally pull his tail , and it opens up . Inside , there 's a USB connector . You connect it to your laptop , an announcement pops up . -Cat Version : 1.0.0 . Update to 256.3 ? <endprompts> After spending hours and hour fixing his tiny holes, Jacob realized. In fact, as he started removing the last few holes at the corners, what had initially looked a tiny hole turned in on all sides into a whole new hole! Upon checking again after more poking for what seemed like hours to no avail, he had now hit a bug, an extremely specific bug! He had accidentally done this and Jacob could now not get the little bug bug fixed! Not like the bug caused Jacob any immediate issues from the touch! All the problems it posed from it didn't show! That is the worst part! That now meant Jacob had lost something very useful to him! It now had been a new problem! The small but useful! With an entire new hole for him to fix!!!!!!!! This could really screw up whatever future Jacob made!!!!! There could be no ending to these troubles!! The future Jacob needed to make it and get some serious attention!!!! Jacob would surely make time right after!!
At 12:23 A.M Monday, the moon rose on March 27 th. You go on the Internet. Nothing is happening. Today they are all set alight for three hours. How did this happen, and did you start it? I don't even know. Don't be sad. There was plenty of times before. In a future time zone you probably should too!! It's just something that should be expected by someone trying a hard time zone-fuck!! Wait! That is a mistake! Get back to the top! Wait!! Oh! I mean no! No way! How the hell would that happen!! You and this site had!! Yeah! Time! You're the best! You are the best. I had better! Look! There is always room for two! This looks even bigger! So we start this! We did. And it! We get in
[ WP ] Everyone has a mark on their chest that is indentical only to their soulmate 's . <endprompts> Mark and Joe looked at their bodies in awe, it was an accident but their families told a lie after every murder and the killers didn't know, no doubt all his killers lived long years into them so what could have caused this. Joe and Mark were sitting in front of Mark's family, he had passed away from a heart attack in a park near his home that morning a year ago and Mark could tell the mark didn't match Mark like the way the marks on their wives or kids did sometimes. They also never matched his parents though the other families said theirs always had like a big gap at the front the birth marks for their sons of brothers like his had been there a bit earlier then his but on Joe's right he had a very bright indigo. Their husbands had not moved though Joe could picture some woman with a young mark above a few of their men when they were all very old they went out drinking that night. A year later Joe saw Joe, in his thirties looking tired. His hands shook as did he with each passing second Joe lost one hand as Mark could smell him on his left. He told himself its just business its how they met but Mark looked on him. Joe said to him its just some business man, Joe. They got to the bank Mark and Mark had to sign forms and walked to one of the men who Joe knew they were going into a very tight spot so Mark signed over each of his drivers license and his drivers license and handed it over to a third man who was the bank clerk Mark's brother was at the meeting in the morning he knew Joe and Joe wouldn't speak of the bank. That evening both Joe and Mark took some drinks to pass the time and Joe and Joe met another bank clerk's family's sons to take a liking to. On day off they spent watching some movies for Joe he knew he never liked talking of them other night while Mark did. By now both Joe had moved
[ WP ] You wake up on exact date of your 5th birth date in your 5 year old body , with your current memory . <endprompts> Every day is a blur. You see things you didn't even know a second before you see it as it happens from an unseen perspective but after a full minute of just looking around. When are they? When does my wife die. When is Jimmy dying. Which one is more important at that moment of time! My parents just looked like people that went too slowly in their years from all I was aware. And this feeling on my back reminded me I wouldn't go anywhere near a train if no matter where I was. At this point, my feet didn't feel heavy or comfortable and I started wondering about how my life was going to go for years just getting back home. Is going to be better, or it a shitty waste that some people had a few days. There were also things that felt very, very real this entire night I saw the car being broken down but no. All the drivers looked so real. No idea exactly when it started. There was something funny about knowing it was coming and then nailing something to another wall. Then to the car driving and all other objects stopped on the far side. Was my mom being attacked? Had he had kids yet. And where is this car going to. How long do I sleep then.
An eccentric inventor is given the ability to go back in time, by any decision. When one choice does not bring back the inventor to 1837 they immediately go back in time again... again, and the inventor makes no second decisions. Today this time a woman purchases her coffee... But after buying her coffee she promptly pulls out a gun and goes to kill the inventor... without hesitation! Only now does she realize that it would also prevent her granddaughter from having a choice!
You were just in the middle of walking home from work when it stopped - it suddenly sped up! When it stopped you ran. Then a train had just begun... you didn't get it speeding through traffic so how did this happen! -
[ WP ] God is dead . You are responsible for the eulogy . <endprompts> God fell. His entire existence rested beneath the shoulders and skin the last man. As the ashes swirled upon his skull, there sat the body laid upon the ground. There laid the son and daughter as one child upon the body of their father. The eyes that had seen such great deeds and wondrous things now burned, lifeless. There was simply him, with God's life drained from all things. In his place sat the most hated, most evil and terrible spirit. What power that man had held over so many he held himself. His body a mess, its spirit a stain upon all that stands of man. One thought that seemed eerily calming to all those around him, however, he held a slight twinkle in their eye as that one spark that burned brightest. As the funeral would draw to a close one thing that had not seemed to elude their eyes for a bit is this odd glint at the back of heaven, the only other sight they have. In place of the father and child sat four more in front a small mirror as those few gathered watched, many to far removed to say nothing as those remaining around them were beginning to fade, it seems. All of his will sat with those that had to say them, those so blessed and chosen those closest to them. In that moment and age the final thought seemed to wash over me, the last breath of that great life left and so many others that loved him would pass quickly by that could hear his wailing final words. The ones who had loved and cared to help him through it. It only makes sense why there might a lone eye still exist but one.
At a time when the rest of Earth felt a new urgency that humanity was needed beyond its control, there was a deep sadness and a strange mix of anxiety about the Earth-shapers' role on her new world. For centuries our race of survivors had tried and failed against threats of chaos or annihilation only limited growth for its kin to
[ WP ] Stuck on a small island surrounded by eerie mist , you quickly discover the only thing that is keeping you safe is the bright revolving lights coming from the lighthouse . <endprompts> After spending the last hour at his home, Mikey realized he could get some solace back. It may not be at the lake behind his small, rundown cottage, his two cats huddled into nearby branches of tall oak tree. Not even a spot to sit in front of a fire made sure that he had at least a little privacy at this quiet time of day. What he realized upon his return back from the boat was he also needed his clothes ; something was always keeping Mikey ’ s life moving on the day it was cold and he couldn ’ t think up the worst punishment for the wrong of those whom he had not loved or respected enough yet. The lapping wave behind his sailboat provided him ample reason to worry that the current he carried all day would pull his hat over his head at any time now. It didn't come as any huge of worry when he heard a strange noise coming from within his cabin. From inside came a deafening sound, then nothing, almost in no volume. “ Wh-what… where was I… what happened ” as Mike could barely make out his captor. He took in the situation ; as quiet a place for a person of his level, to just completely get stuck in time, while standing with a blanket that was long and white. The noise seemed to follow Mike up and off to a far out distance before continuing into a direction that seemed so uninviting! When he first walked into his cabin there was only water on his deck, but soon it became clear there wasn't a single other person. No matter, he knew he must get it out if only of the water. That would help him deal with whatever had kept him on. There had been plenty of water bottles in the back room the previous nights that had gotten lost. Mikey sobs at times but it never scared him. He knew he never liked staying wet in any of these bottles. Maybe it was something Mike tried in
[ WP ] Write a story or poem entitled `` This Side Of My Skin '' . <endprompts> It always had been me. They all left my mark when I walked here a decade ago with three beautiful young people in my arms. There were times when things came to hell. As the tears rolled down her bright blue eyes we began a dance about me and what life was now and things were hard. When one said, did you have anything in here today? When another girl was sobbing I was the first to see. We began to sing. I loved singing and could do no other than smile at it. When a boy joined her we were happy and did more often. That was our love for each other until I left and took care of everything for years. At one point I saw one that didn't like it a smile. As I went down this aisle, she was still laughing. This girl was mine. No matter now it seemed she never wasn't. Soon as we left the singing became so loud. No happy song. It became dark. I fell behind him so it was hard to pick up him when I moved to stop her. Then he turned and saw me. We kept walking around and eventually she turned so her father came out and talked to the kids. The older ones didn't. She began crying. The girl didn't let him keep talking like so. Her cries stopped.
When your bestfriend invites you to visit his parents. Make that his cousin! And then, get the hell out early. His trip is not only a business trip ; you and him are taking a cruise! This is no accident. When you're on a huge budget, everything just seems so... grand.And for the one man who's never gotten this trip on business, you can't afford him just looking! It costs two of four times as much as normal and, when you go, it makes him sick. Then again you have no other means of paying for the air conditioner for an air conditioning!! How will you
[ WP ] The world 's oldest , most powerful wizard has had enough of his life . After two thousand years of adventure and magic he desires normalcy . Today is his first day at work as a janitor for an office building . He 's determined to fit in and not use his powers . How does it go ? <endprompts> ‘ Welcome! Welcome! My office is open! ’ said Mr. Bump from his position in a cleanly built steel room just next to the back wall. Bumping through and looking as bored by the time Mr. Bump has left you have two hundred million bucks in money he can give his grandkids ’. If we let our friends go get married and give that all away to someone and go live in Europe at his expense his friends wont have too long to figure out this whole business so I think I won. We're here before Mr. Bump even got that far but even then one can tell there's a guy with all those fancy tools just sitting in an office corner in a big leathery chair somewhere that is not paying any damn business and I doubt a lot anyone is still around. It may have seemed impossible at first before we realized things really worked. It ’ s funny when I hear things about how life changed from one generation to another in the last four millety four hundred years there a lot different words used and many more people out to do the boring stuff that has been taught us over the generations. I remember it when my grandma gave my a penny with those words. It was the very first day of a world wide effort to get better! Of how good they got. The thing is people like me need the extra work these days when life has stopped being boring as it is because life isn't quite the boring you see some older things have. Most of all they enjoy these days off! Some old fashioned job hunting was fun! The thing is that the ones doing these long forgotten old jobs today just aren't working out! They were lucky that their grandkids all moved far from those old days and lived on in places that no longer offered any work or even employment! Of all people I still do these little old jobs and long dead jobs because those were never too good or had the job skills for them! But
[ WP ] You ca n't die until your name is spoken for the last time . <endprompts> To see this first, well maybe no one knew who I was and never will. There'sn't a single mark on my skin now, nor have I taken the time to make them. This one was quite sudden. The marks that defined who you would become were pretty scarce in my time of no change and no choice. There was simply naught in my life to keep me that in any of my dreams. But there was my work so the choices of life must have some impact on this person, so I decided to use me here, let life go its merry merry way in the meantime. I couldn't have told people, had there been to few to begin with, of course. I guess the thing is death and the things that await us that don't get to you. Still my job got me noticed by every kind of job that was needed. All my friends and family passed on a while back when I became well, but eventually people found themselves needing something else! And soon my friends and loved ones went a bit different as soon as I moved back. Many had family to say farewell as had just made sure they did all they can without money. Other just tried a bit different, tried to find new ways to keep busy with one another until all was gone. My own family and friends were a bit sad as people like me would no longer work these days when life left and you couldn't be killed by some napping hippy boy with a baggy shirt. And you would, they still did. Sometimes one day as I watched life around me pass by it felt that the time of day has come to end yet as soon as it takes my place and they've found somewhere. No life or work ever mattered. If anything no one even cared to die anymore, so there wouldn't have happened any new deaths. Life did not ever take on so many lives with their own ways of changing and the ones we made them were simply
[ WP ] `` What ? Of course I 'm not dead ! '' <endprompts> “ What is, child! ” yelled the old man and picked up his horse from his resting place as quickly and swiftly as would likely be possible. No answer. When the old man's vision returned upon the young boy he looked over to find that his wife had tied their youngest child up before he dragged her away. There was simply too much in his stomach to keep himself from pushing away from them and stomping down the small slope on his horse's front wheel. So he looked down once more to see that they had indeed arrived at what had looked and felt to him all that was needed from a place to sit. A warm, comfy shelter to which the rest of the day held a promise a welcome from their children. What the parents had said, however, left both a hole that only she could mend by any means needed. Yet what more was there to say? What could the child say but in a hushed murmur, for if one spoke aloud, he was sure to be a bit more in tune with his surroundings as soon as they moved back out to rest on the hill that morning. When no one appeared before the small, well furnished house that the family used to inhabit, the old man found them waiting. They were ready. The kid! He raced forward from under a long white cloak, eyes brimming for something to tell the old master when the ground opened below. In an instant, the young boy was there sitting patiently at a small red bench before a big desk. He placed his horse ’ s reins at his waist and was already standing by it before the horse spoke again
You are the commander tasked with hunting down and returning what remains of the last of humanity when things start to get very hairy. Describe your next mission and how to prepare for battle. ( cpp. gritty realistic story & world building to make for battle and what to kill and loot! Also it got better and the prompt got stranger after an eternity
[ WP ] An angry/depressed dictionary writer ca n't keep his personal problems out of word examples <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful lot. The little creak and groan of old rusted doors beneath his boots as well as that creak from their rusted hinges were reminders that it was far too humid now. But, his mind still wandered back at all the words that were beginning to break down the seams into something far harder to describe. No longer a child to hold out his hands. Instead the young boy, barely able by far to put enough words together to write his short story down that one word would somehow have changed his life - and his heartache. The day after the events the child called a lawyer who would have his name - but it turned the father into this old man sitting by her on his hospital bed. This woman for whom his son had once once so kindly put their lives, now sitting there on a hard wooden bed at this same hospital, with his fingers running like sobs into cold, dirty flesh that once tasted like fire or hot piss that no amount of morphine could get over this morning. How now he was sitting there on a mattress as the walls around them burned down and out of habit they had left the two halves for themselves. How a family no longer used him to have a family at all. His family once again burned down but with something else. Something he had not seen before that made him remember, how he had come here to begin at that letter and look at the small piece in between them now before he came in front to write them both down. How much it meant to them. No time like a lifetime to reflect he had never known this before. And it had brought tears that so much blood ran down their faces before they began writing now before they could even think again. They must have lost touch and then everything he stood in front of, in the moment she was a dead one, or at least she should still be one. Then there he
[ WP ] Your name is Death . You work 168 hours a week as the reaper of souls on planet Earth . You 're living on just a couple bucks above minimum wage , you like to travel , you have a crush on the reaper on planet Xenor and you secretly take 4 sugars in your coffee . Today is your first ever day off . <endprompts> Life is a shitty, and yet necessary job! When we took out the gas from the sun and placed two dozen billion tons on every rock in the known universe simultaneously it allowed some kind of stable system to become inhabitable. Sure you get regular black holes or black holes of other gas types sometimes we can find things like superclusters which will sometimes let our supergenice into an otherwise impassable container!! So then there's the stuffs we've left from Earth that get to pass by it. Mostly just dust. We've been mining for materials we called food in that system but mostly its all black rocks! There used to be plenty of oxygen which we brought back into it! Now the dust is mixed from the dust that is in that galaxy but a new planet called a new star, named Star-Elysium is growing!! There was only water at first so it has a lot of resources to go around, but eventually people found water on Planet Hell!!! They tried a bit for something there a bit different to the system we have today. Something they had to say that may or may not be wrong!!!! Now when I've gotten a solid 50 pounds out of this job, this whole universe of mine starts doing great!! Life!! The good things!!!!!! When I got the opportunity to die when the life force has outlived everything that is mine! Now there's plenty more for that race to build!!!!!!!!.
In a town known only only by names where there are rumors of the worst of men, two unlikely people meet as soon as anyone takes out the trash. A lone traveler and weary veteran adventurer, he tries to find a job and a way out but soon the people he works for treat him worse than dogs!. His boss knows of him and would probably kill himself with an out of town companion and the town “ traveler!!
[ WP ] To keep up with challenges by mortals , Death must master every new game that comes up . But there 's one game that he just ca n't figure out for the death of him . <endprompts> The last man of the team took off his heavy steel plate-cap, letting its slick fabric trail along the dusty desert tiles. His helmet cracked to the earth and raked along the rock and the grass and made the skin of his hand-arm criss-cross. He was crouched low against one small clump of red rock. He adjusted it as he stroked its rivulets and the heat seared his ears. It felt like it was burning out. It was like something so young. Yet, even more, he wondered how the gods knew this and chose it. All too young for them to understand him, this thing with a cold that would pull people deep into the deepest black. Yet somehow it understood. In that dark valley of steel in that frozen valley, it knew how and with a voice that burned and cut through all else it spoke. It had learned all there had been to be learned, it knew why he would stay in one place on another Earth for eons. Yet there she was! Out on the plain that would serve only as the base. And, the thing that most seemed to hate was not his fear and that the Gods knew better than others and they never brought him back to Hell where his life would end before even a word was sung. No it was that! Out there! There he was! She looked over the mountain ridge, her horse dashing off from beneath her. The mountain path crested and fell! She was the first and not. Then the earth fell, leaving her stranded on that hill. But not for long. She didn't. She looked ahead. The mountains began to rise! She stepped down! The wind swirled! A voice rang through the mountains, louder with pain. Suddenly, out of nowhere, an earth was made! The man fell! How she had never dared do that! There was too strong! She stepped in her place wasn't possible! This was bad!!
[ WP ] `` He was never warm in his entire life . Not once . '' <endprompts> Every day had been the same to her. That awful afternoon where she found a man, with three beautiful young backs in tow as she shuffled down through traffic as a trucker ran red-light at her home crossing at 14th street, a young woman and one child standing side by side on the back porch. A young mother and her daughter sat next to her in their front yard, looking out the window while they listened on their patio. Each was staring intently to a blue moon in the late afternoon sky, and only at her own backyard with a yard that used to be her own and had always been for as long and was full of everything she had lost, but as those kids fell silent behind their mother in her life that had finally come. She never understood what she was missing that made them see so, so clearly this way, or where the road was going in those ways. All the ways a man of his disposition had no choice of what direction had chosen him. Even so it was easy to pick one direction when faced with a situation so big so large, and all these moments seemed irrelevant. Now she looked again at him but felt none a second had gone. The suns peal through his eyes again, making the ground shake with the rush of the spring water rushing toward its roots, and he pulls away from her. All he sees is where she is. She runs to her husband in their room, the little child cuddled close and the mothers arms are spread. She puts her hand over and kisses his forehead, a warm, wet squeeze. She pulls away again, this one closer still. His eyes are locked into hers now, but neither of them move. Neither look straight at him. And every single day of his life he always knew it would be just as it was tonight that her child would finally see him. She looks at one eye still and walks to bed again with him and she gets on with all of the children to their father �
[ WP ] : Due to advances in medical science , the standard human life expectancy is now around 120-140 . It is discovered that people in their 100-teens go through a second edgy rebellious phase . <endprompts> Mark and Joe looked down at his wrists. What was so great about them is, well... It made no sense. He thought about just giving them, no use any of that crap thinking! He picked up the pen pen of his son Joe and wrote into their hands. When Mark looked through the eyes he had on his youngest little boy... This makes some kinda bad stuff seem better! Maybe his wife Mark could get the whole family help though! Mark is going back to a regular life, just have everyone just ignore the problems Mark. Joe sighed and began a speech that could probably get anyone going! That would probably make the doctor say Joe just had a kid! Maybe they should pay a more qualified guy! Mark knew! They can still look after their son though! This can't wait forever! Joe got up and walked away! Joe smiled! Joe got into an office and began!!
You have had a special day. And to make your day special again, something unusual happened, but you were glad. On your way to work, you notice an old train running between the station and the station entrance on time with your train coming along perfectly! This also happened yesterday! Today!!!!!!!! The weather is getting worse! And it's cold! This train is cold! You decide! On way home to your family, to have warm breakfast and read the newspaper! They're so mad! You read! It's just great!!!! Everyone will hate it when you get it!!!!! But you dig!!!!!!!!! It says it!!!!!!! That says so!!!!!! You pick.!! You have read a good place!!!!!! You see!!.!!... *click* There is a girl!!!!!!!!! She! You have read it. And it!!!!
[ WP ] Begin and end your story with this sentence : `` And yet , the city remained . '' <endprompts> To see this as written and what would we learn from it is very difficult. I hope it helps! -F
I sat atop the topmost mountains on all continents and watched the sea rise. This one was quite the sight to see. In all of History's history people saw one mountain after another reaching for the sky. There was simply naught in my tribe to keep anyone from gazing at my towering and awe inspiring work. The great rock towers became great houses too and some say people built a second temple to Me. Many say it's called Mehr and the other big gods that once lived atop its mount. Most people, except the women with the white bodies but those of the tribe I met in a village called mehrkak. The village of many people live to climb a new heaven, one where there are no big cities but the mountain themselves. Their are more buildings of various shades ranging over the mountains. The town's main market was one of my best haunts, we sold a plethora of different spices and wares to those near us. It's hard for people who travel as much to go down each time the clouds raise it seems. If you go a week without climbing it. It becomes harder than climbing it. When the mountain tops rise up it grows into towns and castles and a river. A river for me. For the next couple centuries when this one has grown the rest of the land is filled up by buildings of all kinds that aren't a big mountain. Most have a temple to Me built but as I keep trying to get there there it is far to busy
You woke with the strangest feeling as soon as you closed your eyes. It feels really strange. Describe, from scratch, how it would happen. This is not an elaborate story. Only the strangest bit happened.
You wake to find another part of your body missing and with an unfamiliar feeling similar to you the feeling goes down. Eventually it
[ WP ] Since childhood you 've been told that only death awaits you outside the wall . For years you have been curious . Today is your chance . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't see much outside this room either. Nothing more than bones and rocks. The wall outside his cell that I know so poorly lay to his left. Now it was time to show me. Slowly, his expression showed he realized the point in trying this, but he simply nodded anyways. As far as that concerned his cellmate was a child as well. Her face would have been a shock, she probably would have died here if someone got to the edge and got down on one knee. But then again. Her eyes and hands were the only things that I knew could break the bones. She stared at my hand and at the metal rail above our heads that led to outside. We made sure that the weight, both for my body at all that surrounded it and for it's prisoner against everything on that concrete. We pushed ourselves to do anything and everything possible to try and break into something new, anything that would ever enter there or that we would ever be able to hold that position again. It was all because she knew exactly what we were working to. Then again. When she put me inside that concrete cage as hard as she could without breaking a finger we felt all of that. Even now, looking over a few days later as it started to take up his chest cavity. Even that gave off the look of pure exhaustion. We all tried to escape at that exact moment. She finally gave up and we tried just staying there. Then at the last moment one thought struck into his mind he gave up. No time. There would be too much noise! That's it. He had too hard a goal at such a young age. Our new found freedom we could move on as free souls as humans, for good or for bad and he could not take a human in the name of others to bear that, or at times worse break. We just kept our distance.
[ WP ] A paladin devoted to RNGesus , a muscle wizard , a asshole thief and You , the ___ . This party wo n't last long ... <endprompts> ‘ Welcome! Welcome! My paladin! You! So, who's the paladin! ’ Her voice was high and feminine, her hands crossed over the thick wooden table and her long golden locks bounced gracefully down her neck. ‘ Good morning paladin! Glad to meet you! I like your attire! There was also an important announcement! It seems every day since all this happened!! So come along!! ’ She tossed an ornate golden lamp that served to make all the chairs and counters squeak together, giving the whole place an eerie chill in the long autumn night. I stood back up, stunned by the party with all it ’ s charm, and stood to the side, giving them more light as well. ‘ Okay paladin! Just a sign that, well you see! You! That all the party needed. Right now all we got ta get through was the sign!! ’ And, before they could react my friend looked up, excited at least. He grabbed a few small sticks from the pack and waved back. ‘ Yeah paladin! It ’ s right! ’ I followed it and put the signs back into the sack, placing them by it. He got on his perch above and looked up. My smile grew and his head snapped forward. A wide smile filled my eyes from being filled with shock! But then everything froze as that sudden blinding burst of light struck everyone at once! What looked like a flash or a blaring bang hit, followed immediately by a rush of dust that washed into every direction it cleared. What was
You woke with the strangest feeling as soon as you closed your eyes. It ’ s been 5 years, and there ’ s something familiar in the bed next to the bed. You look up to look at her, but all your senses scream are muted. You slowly begin waking yourself to be startled awake and the sounds in your head still echo
[ WP ] In a world where religion in all its forms has been banned , you witness the second coming of Jesus . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like heaven compared to this life. The warm air filled the valley below like sand against the rocky cliffs on both sides of our mountain range, and my legs were tied to my knees. A lone, thin white blanket, it stretched down from the crest towards the valley. Then a giant arching structure stretched into eternity. There was no mistaking it ; this structure belonged to something huge. And the smoke appeared, billowing up like smoke in wind in an otherwise silent valley. The whole mountain side of it was barren save for a few giant clouds on the horizon. I noticed a black rock above it with one white point on it. There was no noise. I could feel my life fading into darkness behind him. He appeared, like in my visions at all that was in front of me, but now with everything on me. The light at my feet dim, and his feet disappeared in its absence into nothing at all. I did feel like there was time to run but his body left his head. It appeared to be on my body, and after a few moments, a man emerged in a purple jacket and glasses that reflected every facet of the day for which his form was crafted. On him rested all four of my eyes. His clothes seemed white instead of purple with no seams. The rest of what I saw made no sense because, I mean. He was sitting on me. There were no gaps between his thighs and inbetween between. His hands were at their fingertips around both his wrists. He carried an apple box about 6
`` And yet the man still sits! That's just amazing!! They just always come at such a decent pace! I 'd be doing a lot more good serving him a glass of wine! That and then and he sits! That guy, if the man never stops! Aww, if he never goes! But that is all! He stays
[ WP ] Jesus returns , to a world populated entirely by robots . <endprompts> He looked at the small wooden box placed on the counter. Its owner had no way of understanding just where it ended up, but this was far above their wildest dreams. They spent hours on ends searching for that one item, and even more months hunting for every bit of evidence they could find. But, it just could not be found! Even his mother, a mere few sentences from when he died for that little miracle! No, a final answer would have to wait. And the only way, was by returning again! He looked in vain for the last hour or so thinking up how best to return and start a journey for his brothers journey! Finally, after much prayer the wooden box was removed! This, his companions and fellow journeyers cried after, this was to be the beginning! Finally they would know, what if he died at all on that cross of yours! Oh Jesus! But there was time! To make it perfect! How, oh how! They had tried so very hard! But their failure did not matter at all, just that no other body ever died that fast!! It was now he was destined for greatness!! He was finally coming home!
POP THE PLANET!!!!!!!!!!
Seth is on one of his own planets looking over a young and attractive teenager looking in with a glaze of ice on her face ( Who should live in the star wars. And why? They know that and this guy can shoot!! And in my opinion you're a complete loser. The entire plot is one big fuck! And it's just not cool. I totally wan na get this over with. It was cool when we started. And a whole planet would be built!! I could sit on my comfy couch and blow this whole situation and then say he is not too late, if the man from accounting did not care, or at least did care. Which is all wrong! You
[ WP ] Jesus joins the X-MEN <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to get here. First, when every single office in Philadelphia announced their support and that the Catholic and Methodist communities are united by the Holy Spirit. Then, he was here two weeks after two separate women went missing outside Philadelphia Catholic Catholic High. There was also an uproar in his name after an event that happened only fifteen minutes and two hundred fifty thirty four minutes outside his usual meeting, the first time that man at a high level has heard such a high church's words before. Now he has to go on preaching Jesus from a pulpit that people have gone to far to come to. At some point, he figured he was a big man enough already. Jesus is not that tough but people are just so predictable in their views these days. It may have seemed impossible at first before. Still now it is so easy ; a word from a stranger just like anything else, for any one to follow. There are times where God feels that he is doing a bit too well ( some would even call God “ big ol ” as opposed to God the tall “ God, it seems my day just got a lot bigger!! ” as if he got so far at the same time!!!!! The next day his congregation received word of the new job that the newly hired CEO had left!!!!!! He wondered if such opportunities existed after he walked in there that morning!!!!! What about people still not following?!!!!!! Maybe next Tuesday there might a meeting to get down to it. Then!!!!! Jesus looked again for a new word but found none. No church or individual would hire anybody of such high caliber and he just assumed the people would be busy anyways!!!!!!!!!!!!! That didn ’ t help too when there had only been soot-covered buildings
[ WP ] Your best friend asks you to kill his wife . You agree without hesitation , as his wife knows the one secret that can ruin your life forever . Tell me about the confrontation with his wife . <endprompts> “ How many girls have you put in your way! ” yelled Ben from across from his best friend Wade over the loud sound of his phone ringing. “ I ’ ll beat ya to death! ” Wade had just walked over to find that Ben and Wade had their backs turned to him and Wade was making sure no one else was trying to make any snivellous phonecalls into Wade ’ s ears. “ No fucking doubt, ” Wade muttered to Ben with tears filling his face. “ We're here for him and we ’ ll pay back! He got one. He got ONE! If you fuck right down! Just fuck! ” Ben looked in a mixture of despair and anger that neither of the two had anything on their faces. Wade sat back down as Ben leaned closer. Both men got what their friends seemed to want though. To get a shot at killing their friends, right of hands would mean one ’ ll find the other ’ s best friend in front a judge at most ( and Wade thought Ben knew how hard it was because of this. When men took sides in the conflict, it didn ’ t go a bad way either!. Ben found Wade very much on his side! Wade laughed! Wade laughed! Wade laughed! Wade got a shot! Wade got shot! He walked around and walked right down! But Wade couldn ’ t be killed! Now Wade wouldn ’ t even see Wade dead! That could mean Wade didn ’ t ’ t even remember
This prompt was terrible! So I changed it to have an original story. ( I didn't want to use my other stories. It ’ s been 5 years or whatever since I have written or wrote a story that was original! But since there haven't been any people telling stories based on this, I guess what I wrote can also be used! It still had the prompt soot-infested
[ WP ] Use a Civ 5 ( or any civ ) game you 've played to inspire a story . <endprompts> The people had died of old age after much bloodshed. Only about 300 remained now. They were buried with all their loved ones as the sun set on a fresh grave with just enough shade. When the dead started returning their faces was a silent silent void before they went in their final and final prayers ; or as one said, 'to hell with the dead '. When the wind roared from all directions a few trees swayed ever so gently, a little sun beating down softly, just a moment. Some animals seemed to gather near and watched from over where they sat on dirt and leaf litter. In this barren corner of civilization, I never realized why they would go for such carefree things as those simple days they used to have. This whole time I've been alone. This was just another night that's been long, lonely.
One night, she goes to her local whore house. It looks the restive and rough, so the other owners invite her. There she finds two horny men ( whose she knows aren't tied to any kind of hookage so she doesn't know any way of making contact besides the sex she wants but must try out and make sure they won't say much more to no avail!!!!! The next day while in town she tries to break down any wall her owners are putting into the door or hiding and doesn't. She runs to her uncle in Mississippi, a good banker!!!! and the next day finds him. She puts this information up and talks her uncle out of having someone put him into a better situation. The night goes on. The uncle knows that there will be work one way or the other, and when it comes time to find something cheaper to hide him from in the whorehouse he can buy or be put down like a common slave and go get it. She comes back one day still happy and very high but with a big bruise on her ass so bad!!!!!
[ WP ] a homeless person discovers s/he has a superpower , and it 's what landed him/her into being homeless <endprompts> Every day is a walk in the park. Thats how I've managed to put so much shit on for over a year. There are times when things go to hell. Those are also the nights. Those are the nights where I don't stay here in a hole and don't even sleep on the same shitty comfy mattress in this shitty alley. I sleep there every waking mornig. And every damnnight when I come out I check to see if somebody noticed. I always take it easy tonight and only walk to where they come and head straight toward the coffee. You go right by me after I tell the person to sit down for no reason, but as I'm crossing the park, it always gets loud. As I turn down a few alleys from where I'm sitting now, I hear this noise start getting closer. It's almost pitch white. All the buildings down the sidewalk look like tiny icicles flying down toward this guy right behind him. But he's standing still. As I get closer it doesn't get quieter and all I can really hear from around him are the high pitch sounds! The sound he makes! How did anyone keep him this far away to walk so fast! But the high pitch sound is all he makes, like an annoying buzz from somewhere close away that's a mile or longer away or two. It fills his lungs like they need fill or the little guy was having a bout of fits. So then that all turned into him going and running through the alleys and into the alleys alone.! That's me. But I make too many people walk right in front. The ones I wouldn't mind it was more! And every alleyway down I take the one right behind the dumpster to see what there's to see! Some guy who doesn't see a goddamn dumpster! A buncha bum and him all on this shitty alley!!! But as I
