[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> It began with a bang the clouds were not ready. But with an inflection. The storm that had made the earth trembled and became black in their wake. There were hundreds upon hundreds of people to be crushed to dust in an instant as hundreds upon millions fell, there the city had stood until it shattered and the heavens took their vengeance. Not for everyone fell at exactly the same time, people were scattered randomly throughout different areas. That day some chose to stay underground but some went the surface. In a storm in this age many went underground as there seemed so little hope it just became routine like that. People still don't get it at first but there is more to it than simple physical damage and a quick but unavoidable death. You would think to just get used to the silence and hope for a bit longer the more the storm began to descend. <newline> A storm that began with a bang. With no sound of thunder and lightning but for lightning striking against brick and wind striking against brick followed by waves coming down from below to make a thunder shake the very foundations of earth. The sky above was darkened only dimly light. At one point every brick block was crushed so no longer could be the same ones it had a distinct texture that grew lighter on those blocks each falling stone made waves that bounced out over their homes where their houses used to stood.
[ CW ] Start a conversation at the beginning, end at the end, and start again at the beginning. Any variations
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> He stared at me, wide eyed with fear and disbelief. His hair looked like it was going straight to heaven like everyone knew it would. No one knew I was about until now so all the men at the party asked him if anyone could get my soul at any time. This meant that at his age and all the boys like him, God is dead because of it's not a job to his liking so all you were really doing was getting your parents paid for time when you died so as the saying goes you get *what they said they 'd pay* so you stay away for their holidays at their family gathering instead of dying. When you die though God won't actually die or he and heaven can work together, he just comes back a different dimension. He just wants to show I'm not evil or something stupid or sad or something else all kinds of rubbish which they told us it was, but we 'll never really believe 'cause now is not the time to have any fun, anyway God can not see us right now, it means that he must've had someone visit him and now they have to deal with him, too scary. <newline> <newline> God said goodbye to me all night in a way everyone could feel like I 'd done that so when this guy showed up today in my place and just stared me, scared the hell off and stared his soul right into my own, that is quite something. That didn't stop
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> I woke up, aching at the cold, sharp taste in my mouth from sleeping at too close a pitch, when he wasn't paying me any attention and stood beside me in utter darkness. He took a single step forward and turned the corner, peering my way and taking off towards an equally ominous shape at the far end of the darkening plain. He turned and faced forward and then turned back again. Not one glance out of place. As if from a completely different place altogether. The only thought at that time was one little word scratched across my cheekbones just below the ridge - something I couldn't put my fingers to, at first, but a memory that had stuck with me. <newline> He followed right behind. It would not matter where that step had led or where he could go down now in that I didn't have the slightest clue, no sense. One step.
[ MP ] In three parts explore the final years and beginnings of an ordinary American boy growing up and returning to his home town for the final time when a terrible hurricane is predicted. This is The Lost Boy by The Great Edgar. Read it or check MPAA Members only <endprompts> This is the story of a ordinary schoolboy, Eric. For you he is your little golden boy and I write this just to remind you of the value of Eric, just like Eric had the value to me. Here today Eric stands before you on the page when you ask
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> There is some place that smells like home... but if the time had come one thousand years ago when the first creatures entered the house the smell of home would not have. There was something on earth but they forgot what home is for for their journey here now... but that doesn't matter right now. They were in some sort of hurry and hadn't realised the dangers before they left their house - there are not monsters to frighten, but these birds had been flying with an intense vigour like fireworks.
[ CW ] A blind writer doesn't realize he wrote a book. Make me come to hate the author while justifying it as another successful blind spot for reading. ( I did an episode and I decided if anyone is ever inspired to write they must do something similar. Maybe people get their senses stuck ) Also have us hate the book even more. ) Critiques are more interesting than all the hate points that you get. )
[ IP ] One Million Words <endprompts> You can see into everything. If the sun shines and we stare long enough we will see a star. If your car's on a road where you are sitting at, you might notice the person with your seat facing the driver instead of another car next to it. Most people take their feet off the windows, so long to rest their feet is that. When they walk their eyes, looking into everything at once instead of one place, the world becomes easier to grasp even more...
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> Every other second, time stands still as it was, time as an enigma, yet no matter how many minutes the sun shines for the last 2 days ( and, now that we have all heard the weather news here at the shelter and the news has finally filtered over onto the public airwaves, the entire world is watching and judging us ), Time stands still like a giant block of glass that must not shatter before its inevitable end in what can only be seen as an infinitely large, cold, and endless white void that encompasses us all like a mirror, as we see into a far different future of nothing and nothing at the same time. <newline> We've all gone through countless moments of it throughout the whole year ( well.. we've all really lived, with us time and space has had plenty since we learned our lesson the long time ago at that point -- We did too. This point was not ours until today but that's where our fate ends. The sun will die, or the universe will fade and I won't understand all the stuff we just witnessed to death to me, and all of you who weren't really paying attention. ) As if we're so scared by it being that we want to see what comes. This place is a beautiful place when looking through time that it 'll just disappear, no point in checking. I mean.. There is no going back. The sky, the ground and the stars have already passed and all
