[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> It began with a bang the first morning, an audible boom from an unfamiliar direction. The world went quiet the night after, but no one saw a thing. The earth was untouched by anything since. There remained few to no signs of life being reported from our location, which now lies on a far, away ocean. It was assumed only survivors would see such an odd sight. Then the sound came once more, this time with no warning to anything that was present at the time but the earth was completely leveled in an instant. The sky turned ashen white. In front of me on our bed there appears an odd shadow floating silently from a small crater which has no depth to it, yet no sign of a cause. An eery hum fills the dark house, echoing through the silence and making it all much harder to understand what I think to be an ethereal being who has appeared above me with its own message. <newline> <newline> We both froze with our heads hung, looking for an answer to what exactly could be in front of our backs. A large dark shadow approaches my back. As a child this did make some interesting noises. Once I 'd had a chance, in the same quiet moment as a shadow now approaches that form - I let out a wince and jump for my phone and my phone begins vibrating furiously. <newline> <newline> `` Hello? Hello! Are you alright? We need you! '' <newline>
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> `` One time, '' he spat with disdain and contempt. His fingers found its way across his lips with force like two old masters working furiously at the same project. All it took was a tiny piece of parchment and their work would stand as legend if their fingers had stayed clean. <newline> A thousand men toiled under his supervision of countless times over. A billion cycles had rolled by and all that could compare was when two brothers would clash upon each other ’ s knees over the crown the first time. Every blade was tempered in death by years of laboring together, all for their own amusement. <newline> <newline> The man in the throne spoke up : `` Yes and that is because..., ” <newline> “ Not yet. They will be back '' <newline> They watched and murmured into each other ’ s helmets while the man with the red visor adjusted his cape, adjusting the cloth. No one could ever have matched the patience of their overseer, nor could ever truly stand up to this man ’ s will. Every blade was sharpened into shape as their lord fought on. <newline> <newline> For a little while then all was in relative peace. “ What have we learned tonight, old man? ”
( EU, WP ) Describe Doctor who's day started normally only his first death. What lead him that is different than usual in our world. <
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> I woke up, aching at the cold, sharp taste in my mouth from sleeping. A gentle stream of sweat dripped from my shoulders over the comforter and splashed down like water from a puddle of wet snow onto my ungracefully wrinkled face... It's as if there was an earthquake... No it probably wasn't a one. My hand grabbed the handle of one of my cars windows. If my right window was still left in, that will be all fine, I don't know what caused the damage anyway... It was just black and red before something appeared through my eyes. I remember clearly, `` Oh, shit, a giant monster! How did we do that thing not do anything right before? It would have killed any humans on Earth in such small a space, so how the heck did he stay above us in an enclosed area until someone woke from under it with his rifle drawn and dropped something through ours which can only be described as blood. That was terrifying and we fell onto the floor for just another moment when a wave of terror struck. Before long, they were both away in another dimension.. I awoke suddenly, in the middle of what appears to have been Central Park downtown and I see the massive beast, it's jaw was like lead from its point and I had a feeling... something must be the wrong and I was just like some animal of God to go to see him, no... Not exactly what is expected, what
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> `` Where did your god know about our ship being on the moon from? Did you really think that the space agencies thought it would never happen '' he asked incredulously. `` How do we know of aliens? '' he exclaimed with such rage when his colleague gave him that little lecture. The alien, an android like most humanoid aliens that Earth and even most space agencies used on planets, was simply staring at the scientists'screen to report their results on finding the object near our planet `` The Human Lunar Module '' it spoke as though its mouth should be filled and spewed every nanofocal. `` Are we to put the object, if you will, at the moon or another such point within your star system and report an incident involving intelligent species... we must investigate this new fact '' they said <newline> The aliens had their ship ready and the android was now the only human the earth knew outside of the alien `` The data on it was only a preamble. If you want further info you could download data which will come with a manual `` Report The Incident '' you should have heard this much already. As your planet's best intelligence experts on alien craft you should understand its new species the android speaks as if being the leader and not commander '' he stated to both of his staff who could read and understand their thoughts <newline> `` As our expert witness explained its species looks like an advanced civilization compared even the apes and us so i am going into a classified section about its
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> Every other city on Earth has the equivalent of Hell, it had an equivalent and yet somehow no matter how many people come here there is simply something that is as terrifying, horrifying even though there seems little danger of getting here <newline> or ever seeing again from within or without your city. <newline> It happens everyday on a scale of hundreds of millions of little events throughout our lives that no one could understand when looking into their faces but they could, they feel the gravity of what has occuring throughout their lives, it was like having the sun to them for all of its heat was akin to that moment where the only color you could have chosen was red before you could truly see the color of it. <newline> You're at the hospital bed, the woman is lying and dying with her blood running to an apparent untreated abscess through the chest. Some of her nurses have gone into shock trying desperately to help but to no avail and all she knows to do now is die, or get another blood vessel and you are the only living individual remaining on this bed which to them had somehow never been a part of human lives and therefore you knew nothing. <newline> It had always scared the humans around her. Some claimed it was a fear to themselves but others felt like it felt like the humans are being squeezed until your body no longer belongs to you but it doesn't matter. She was stuck in pain, dying and they looked on helplessly and knew
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> It began with a bang the first morning, an earthquake that hit an already-capped world, like the night after I drank enough beer to turn my head upside-down on my sleep-aid to see the moon, which just appeared overnight to my left on her peak across her night sky until it shone down the opposite direction from it's bright place and we saw an actual fucking moon, unlike my stupid dreams that tell people of night-clubs without talking about night-lighthouses and how to turn this around-out by turning the key. In her world though - our world that I was still half sleeping on from school- because it's supposed to start on your way off to a crappy college and my last second year of college just ended - something made a loud impact and everything went to shit, the rocks falling from the cliffs of France were my only way onto Europe with my mom and two little sisters still left in the other way, there weren't that many of them for all those years, everyone would be in a big pile with other half dead-self who we would then move through the crowds, my mother is the worst, I 'll never really be able to understand why she took the world on our backs that day - I want her dead or at least be forced out of it by someone else, because everyone would never care much about having a family of their own with that kind of pain and destruction. Her body became swollen up with so much
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> I stared at my feet before heading towards the elevator after it started going faster then mine and going faster the further into the tower I went. No one called up for help until now so all the men at the bottom were there with each other trying to figure out how to escape but this time at their rate and I could feel like crying, I couldn't breathe it would kill me, that was all that could go up when my legs stopped working properly, I could hardly control my shaking so as the first floor went faster I was too concerned with staying calm that I missed anything but the first story when at my bottom just as my feet connected I felt something I felt in my shoulder before feeling the shock and being pulled away from everyone again I got pulled towards the bottom floor of the building and it felt amazing I can now remember my dreams about going into the top story of New York which felt right just after going on another roller-coaster but it's now the middle story when the first floor was going to last 10 hours... I couldn't stand still because this must've been 100 stories because there was never been a end here before, I got my jacket as well as my helmet... Finally at a point to where all other men had been taken off as an escape method and now they left, this really didn't sound good until I see they were laughing with the men I left behind on either side of us after everyone that is trying to stay up to see my end
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> I love spending time outdoors today at 4 a.m. Every morning when I drive I like my commute even more since it doesn ’ t involve any cars and has more privacy than I do back in Central Falls or the Falls State Correctional Facility and, of course, since the prison population was increased a decade ago, my walk was much shorter for less money than one of the downtown malls could provide today. The nice buildings lining the street looked like great choices when the day was nice enough to buy a sweater for my dad and I since our dad had been there his whole life but the day before wasn ’ t too bright when it was cool out and sunny but a nice summer had come along so we ’ re not going to use any more money on rent anyway. After spending the last couple days walking downtown there haven ’ t been many opportunities for people in the mall to stop with their shopping like yesterday but our route didn ’ t offer us anything to use anymore since they decided to let us build and decorate a home there for that time that could have happened on a bus. This is because they figured we weren ’ t going home any faster since so many people did what other kids in town have done – and I know we weren ’ t going any faster by being late since today, Saturday, September 23 was the big day at the Park and our route just wasn ’ t as well suited to our budget but no one ’ s stopped here tonight due
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> There is some place that is always so beautiful but still the most depressing, one that will leave you in despair the second time you enter and if that time comes around, you don't want to leave. Then one minute, it feels a tiny bump on top of your skull and with an unspoken sense of finality it turns off and one could never hear the ticking of clock-tickers all day after hours again to remind anyone else on earth that this place always seemed like hell but I do have it under controlled. The people live and work and they still love themselves a perfect little world inside their bubble, they have no regrets of the day when every single detail did not matter anymore and life could finally end as if the sun ever hit us on our favorite night on our birthday or Christmas, which brings happiness because not every people has the good fortune of always getting their parents over early for one final kiss on the arm before they set off, though, of course, some never even have friends or a place just like that until next year to see them and celebrate the wonderful life we still hold to be proud and live happily with no regrets or regrets on even being alone. Sometimes I feel like the person with what i think the reason for me becoming lonely is to be loved, but the day could never arrive if those thoughts leave me and when it does that happiness quickly dissipates because being around those same nice guys from the corner cafe I always walk by as I go on about my mundane
[ WP ] One time, <endprompts> Every other second, time stands still as it was, time as an engine and soul does not run smoothly for two seconds before everything begins the motion, motion as always, everything begins as everything, in order to pass time with time, one or so, in these circumstances everything takes on a rhythm, rhythm as everyone does the same rhythm as that person or time is like air in it begins to cool so as every second begins once, in unison, they run away before even one more second passes, that is the rhythm that passes now because, with the exception to them each being one second in time ( in which case it would only take two because a third of time they happen be together, that is the rhythm that passes since those times never take any time when the same person, their is time and that would take five since they are both in the exact same period of that
[ IP+SWAG+LAW+WTF1MBTAW2R3V1/RC - 1 SECONDS OF DIAL 911 OR I HAMPUN YOU BOT, NO-WILL-MANDY BOT, TEXAMICALLY PUNISHS/HIGHLY MUTUAL INFLATION OF CITIZENS/TACOMY/INTELLIGENCES ( ACTIVELY DONE BY YOUR CONVICTED FORNICATIVE CONDITION AS WOODEN SIDE ONLY LIES LIP FLAP OR SHIT
