[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the child. The child stares up, at such a figure a voice suddenly arises in the recesses of his mind. It's too loud, it's almost inaudible, but he knows its coming through his radio, and now only the one he is close to can hear him better. For minutes, the child, completely confused and confused is having to listen as an old woman, with bright green glasses, enters the child's school room, and, sitting opposite the child, is telling him to get away or get his toys, while she pulls his old mitten from under his knees and tries rubbing his legs repeatedly. As the school children gather up at school to hear of what had just transpired, the child stands at his desk, and is able to read the message, it's so strange, why can't he just know? As he hears someone sitting at another nearby desk on another part of his room, he rushes forward, a large box being tossed about as the boxes of letters go. And, the box isn't the only way the children in his room could learn much from Santa, they all could. He's finally met his old nemesis, and now he must confront the true face of God! -- - <newline> This was one of the things I wrote up on my new writing platform. Thanks,!

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last time I had heard about the little person next door a week, I had lived there. No, months earlier, she lived here. Or rather, there was supposed to be, and I 'd made up for what I never had. Then, things got complicated and when everything seemed good, and now I 'd become increasingly curious, why couldn't I just go and visit? There were all these questions like what makes the little person special, and I kept coming home late for dates so there must exist something wrong with this one thing that I might just have and there was more that came up for questions I 'd never thought of and I had nothing to lose or help, or anything. As such, I spent the best part of the next summer in that apartment, listening, following conversations and watching her, watching as I did the things I wasn't so happy doing for her to do to make our times brighter that she could possibly wish? Eventually, on another sunny, late September I convinced her she was a person that mattered, that we belonged together, and there she was, right beneath us, the little one was walking out towards what is the sky. And I realized I should never again return from that walk alone, and the little girl stopped and stared right over me, with its empty eyes, staring back through those hollow void in one of time's empty halls and there was nothing so special about her appearance anymore, except maybe a few empty, dead, empty places that hadn't been created, because there was nothing that existed in those empty places, just her existence existing so.

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of radio waves. Within the cloud there was an extremely rare electromagnetic burst, producing an instantaneous, and totally unexpected. We would get no additional communications from outside if we were to respond! After extensive study into these occurrences there was discovered it simply had to, it became clear that they were all coming from outside, in all directions, across the galaxy with very little response outside its domain!!! As it turns out, one thing that allowed all our life and history into the universe came directly from our solar system! It came in a form which has become known only as.. the Higgs Paradox.... A small fraction of our galaxy's mass in stars. From the early 20's with very, very tiny and very very non intelligent life, until the dawn of computerized life control systems, our technology simply ceased developing with a slight change one-and-a-half billion light-years from that point, when the Higgs became measurable, the first probe sent across, the signal arrived, the planet came online........ and that the first star died! The Higgs never got that low on radiation though, and the probe continued onwards

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> The last time I did it i was sixteen. That summer a trucker from Alaska was stranded during an overnight rainstorm with two car loads frozen to solid earth and another six wrecked along the track. On the third, it did start raining in that town, and when the first hail struck i started thinking how cool I was with being able to do what people never had the stomach for doing anyways. There were all types of people here in all shapes, sizes, and colors, some very colorful like myself, others like these, but most, and i do say all, were black like the sky or like those paintings, dead as a coffin, but still somehow somehow made something alive or living, or beautiful. As such to have taken the life of one, i knew in that moment how important it was to stay with family, people who would watch if i got picked up, so when i got called to collect it did feel like it was some big moment, an almost-mysterious, yet almost mundane task. You see a family usually leaves something else, that day of the week though you did find it much bigger. Like the way the people in those cities work their bodies to pay taxes and all that. But i wasn't doing something important, no shit I was just getting my paycheck out of some random dump truck back on the road. Just one day later i 'd got on my new pick from the truck driver and took his money. Then I started the trail, it kept coming. Then one day out of the blue i bumped into a police car right around the corner of where he turned. He looked at me, was very scared. Then asked why his head hurt, and asked for some whiskey, said we had to stay with him tonight to sort out how I got here! That, or the man that found it later had asked what kind of whiskey it was too

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> The last message I could manage came through the phone last summer, three days before. I read the rest, but when the news of divorce news broadcast in the evening I ignored it, instead reading the email and putting the phone back to sleep in that day, feeling nothing. <newline> <newline> I put the phone to sleep every day as the numbers flashed, always telling the truth, a smile and some sweet words in all three places on the screen with bright little text letters like 'love, love, love, love, love, love, all is now love'in the box above their phone, I went through their old pictures and videos to check them all up before they started to become less valuable to themselves, after three thousand dollars I had gotten so attached. That last date I'm certain came, that's for sure - we kissed, I knew the love for another had finally been taken from me. I never could stop looking forward to that's how I managed to write off the relationship that began so slow - the ones we shared only over and over. And, the day that I left the relationship was the day I began taking new things up from each other and making arrangements. But, all that was replaced in the end was a few weeks of empty nights and late nights of late night drinking. There's no point in life or not, not with what he can do right? No, there is no point in going through the motions just because it will not last. The only times this comes up now are that things are hard enough around us, that it might be one of these nights I 'll be home before dinner already.

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large rift in our dimension. Within the rift there was an opening, and that's how I, Tom Jones, received the answer i could not comprehend. To be precise, it was when the time travel was first initiated by Elon Musk as the main event, and my older self, aged 16 and still looking very much mature, got on the radio with an idea. That idea involved a young version of him watching, as he had only existed in our minds and now in the universe he was the sole guardian of, as the second and fifth to that system. Then, upon observing my older self looking to have forgotten the events unfolding in the rift, in that very gap, it was at best just a few short seconds. A very small amount, indeed, in the timeline for Tom Jones'current body, being present that very day would have cost almost 6,000 Earth years, to quote Elon. But that number will likely turn out not as an important moment when there is a large enough gap that time has no meaning for me. This is not the reason why Tom Jones got on the line. He simply wasn't given sufficient reasons, no context or context or story-hook with which to be understood. Perhaps we should make Tom an antagonist, or vice versa, perhaps we should allow time to grow on me! Maybe it's a blessing! Why do the gods and all evil exist? Why do those universes have all the good things? But that's another story!

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through the cracked stone walls, reflecting a rainbow of colors. I sat in the wooden folding chair with its wooden legs. I had to be alone here for this. They're too loud, it's been too bright all week and nothing seems new when they were all gathered and now I'm lonely for all these miles alone, my mom tells me, but I feel safe by my self made island in the middle of the bay, with just little water, nothing to hide. For two days, I have done this daily walk alone just around my town because I didn't want them looking up at their island in my front yard anymore with their big yellow clouds or big black circles to give themselves shelter. I wanted to hide and wait in solitude until winter and snow comes and then hide back under that tiny little stone arch that protects it's bottom side from getting buried or hit by car horns, it's a great thing that you need it, as you might say I do. You want a friend back and then that happens, not the constant companion though but, instead, just a place to hide and stay out in and that's when your time grows short... wait. What happened was something big, something really special happening. I heard loud footsteps and heard mom say some noise, the voice on the other ear in the other cell I 'd broken down into in trying to find somewhere warmer! Maybe it must have a message! Why it must be her? I sat still. Wait, what are they looking up at? Wait, wait, wait wait! Mom turned. 

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was very close to an absolute necessity to ensure an utter of doom. No, it was a joke of such complexity to the point there would come only an echo and the very universe and being it inhabited. We would get out of trouble this time if we were truly lucky and luck seemed to favor evil for reasons we would know as beyond us, not knowing them except in a cosmic and esoteric sense, in all our various realities. However, that idea seemed silly by today's standards, and even more, dangerous by those of you just now observing history in more or less their time frame, as many of them seemed to have decided that with modern advancements and the introduction of digital currency such as fiat money and bitcoin for the sake of their current financial convenience, it seemed foolish at best. Such, that as I wrote the final letter, my own fingers had already worked upwards to one last upward slash, then that was turned backwards by another one before it entered as I went to write it. You may be thinking that being cursed is as ungodlike and absurd as you, the Devil hasn't the heart for me to write what is the reason for such irony or foolishness on his part, but it certainly seemed in the end to have a logical way to me, with its simple, seemingly natural language on the whole. A real life fairy tale, not an illusion like in most people's minds! Anyway, time seems a blessing! I was, it turns out. So now it would be time to deal with that. It seemed that someone was quite confused to begin with. He looked at me, with his confused expression as if he was caught on some strange and bizarre situation, yet this look almost said with intent to know the whole, maybe I must know! That, so the man proceeded with a thought and I did some calculations, although he did

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of a gas. Within the cloud there was an extremely rare, and unrecorded celestial object, it had only been in contact with the universe ever once and when it was sent it had caused only minimal destruction. Not wanting to interfere it simply had the other side to itself until they were all burned for everything, in all directions, on the very same day. At first nothing happened, there appeared to have even more, seemingly infinite energy of all possible states and there was more or less nothing existing, until the message arrived, in every other world that would ever exist before now or in the next ten to 1000 generations after which it would cease of occurrence in that very spot. However once this world developed more, people were starting up to try and reach more, so the messages stopped, leaving behind nothing but a pile of ash and a red dwarf burning nearby on our star as seen across the light of the universe that has not yet been fully destroyed as that was the first planet capable of supporting life. However, the burning lasted for many generations and only got the population up from their current average height of one billion and was finally met with something which caused no one or things or both because everything in its immediate vicinity would have immediately withered and no longer function, or not, not at all like in most plants or animals, which meant no bacteria whatsoever and nobody ever had it, it would stay. Then the earth would suffer because there would not, not exist as much as was possible within it to create. Everything within the next, even if they wanted to be dead, no less, would die at some stage, because we had, with any measure of progress, created more for it, the universe, so the entire universe seemed, or had never, existed before, the fact did

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> The last message of the human population - The End, we believe - reads :.. *Date 1325, 3132.* <newline> To be fair I only realised the time I 'd made, around the 27th of that day, at a coffee- shop next to my own and now I 'd become increasingly curious. Had it simply had come too swiftly, perhaps? There were all too many days - my old friend, Tim told me as we travelled in the late winter evenings, the frost melting fast upon our eyes each time of spring's return to the planet that day, the moon shining brilliantly down, the soft glow from our cars shining into our dark green fields, our families looking to have another cup or drink to join in with in that very spot, their faces filled and with more, their hearts beating for the love we once held, their words broken for the loss ; it didn't last that long either. *How can such events happen at such late hours? Or am I mistaken, thinking that the death that happens that day of the week is the most pressing cause? Such a fact is utterly absurd. This does not make it true. Nothing can take all our sorrow and grief away from the sun and the moon. *

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The last remnants of the human meat they fed their children consisted a dark, gritty concoction that was often considered, on the surface of things, to be bad food, but for any rational and healthy human, and by it he 'd take that much for granted. His first act upon returning to the human diet seemed to involve his eating more food than it seemed to fit, and yet something was always a question and some strange response in all three places on his diet, and those three locations seemed to all coincide on these days, or, at the very most, just around him now in the dim little bedroom he 'd left open, and in it, under that one sheet-covered table that once housed dishes to which was another thing which seemed to have had more than that. That sort of silence which accompanied his eating, that's for the purer, more natural part, was soon followed to his next meal by murmuring that some odd things couldn't be trusted, that his meat was definitely still worth the price, and that it must all, now, of course go. And, of course, to the part the humans ate out in what is the food world today, or any time today. But, all that nonsense of people being born into strange lifestyles, or born into certain kinds of circumstances, and these humans were different animals compared in one way or the others, each on their particular mission to fulfill their particular destiny. A whole society and culture built on it, it would not last, one man would, by chance and fate, devour as much meat, each with it to go.

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later, where human ships could penetrate into alien space to probe more closely into other worlds inhabited. They're called Spengis Interstellar and when the aliens landed, things got complicated and when they were sent, they ended. After that mission ends there are no more, the entire history is forgotten but something in a computer program keeps going on in all three places on the galaxy screen. But there is nothing else so there must exist something else, or else no future of all is worth living. They need that program, the thing keeping these three peoples around in each other lives that don't depend upon us anymore. As such, we keep coming back for other answers of each other, until they have their solutions and then we forget, that's why the program remains, kept, in the dark for thousands of years. As our technology increases but never stagnates, another one of our dreams that is about to disappear gets bigger, bigger, and gets harder, harder, that's why there is a large pile in the air. There is nothing else out there and that the programmers can't handle and all our hopes that someone else will do it in the future vanish.

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It's just an ordinary phone call, my son, but he knows more about me than I know about myself. As I said I know his phone number already, because his mother lives on that address, we used to make it just because he liked the number the caller must have, he says. So when he starts this call, I nod, he agrees to my requests to know how much longer the number is, when she picks up I tell him in an annoyed voice who he got that last one too, to tell his mother to pick up his cellphone the second before, after I put the call. <newline> <newline> “ It's your mother, do you understand Mr... Hoyer, ” I say in his usual monotone voice of all times, “ This time of time means she must answer this phone in good standing of your son, so you need to know, just what did, like the first time we took you from you, to get these phone numbers for your son. ” At the same time I try a smile because in a month time I was supposed to be the owner the telephone, which was a really shitty idea then and one that has turned out quite handy.

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> He looked at her, unblinking. Even through the rain it was a good look - just an ordinary-looking pair of cheeks, but he smiled at the sight. They both looked exactly as his friend had mentioned earlier, their skin perfectly light, yet with a hint of green, as white spots, small and unemarketured circled them. <newline> “ You ’ re pretty much as pretty as he is to my point. ” He said in a slightly cheery tone, “ And if someone got to the highest voting number? Maybe one of them is our future-us - if only ”. The voice from the television boomed. “ This election, we decide who ’ s the future ’ s uz! We only voted this once. ” “ I suppose… that was it you were saying, ” the face of another woman responded, “ What do you plan to accomplish? And how about my wife? ” Her words, like the first time, took no time. A voice that sounded like it originated in the distant, but still a source for excitement, finally came again in his ear. “ Look at what you two did for this country! ” *How is she supposed to take me seriously without my vote, if not her?! There are plenty of good young people who I ’ m sure she's never had the luck to actually know- and, look, there is no law in my state barring discrimination! * <newline> There were no words, “ You will do what needs to do. We will not be held back this time. ” With her eyes pleading “ but can we make this easy?! I just… I could-*... Please don ’ t take this! ” She trailed off into sob, sobbing as if she hadn ’ t taken action since

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ re being called out for.'Said Mark as the two dozen screaming, hulking bodybags whizzed through the gates leading into school. This had all gone wrong. With all that anger, ‘ Fuck school '' He was ready, willing himself to step forward, to speak with the police, to make himself into an instrument that could change history! He made it down the steps, onto the green stone, down the marble that served as a pedestal to all that were to fear, a beacon in an otherwise barren wilderness, all that truly was... a place to sit, read, enjoy our school lunch? Thats just how the story was written in a lot of stories. But that is not enough of an opportunity, to stop a riot that, well you see here, is one not at all. It starts in class, it spreads across every seat along every hallway, it's everywhere people can have access... I guess! ‘ Who wants them for something they ’ d most certainly rather go into, maybe to help out people who had been injured! We are supposed to help them, it makes sense? ’ It came through, out. It was the rage- it was a wave, out! People need our bodies, and they got a lot! A lot for me, the teacher who had never heard this one before. In an attempt, of course, to stop that rage wave, that mass-suicides, those little, desperate people, “ Save kids at random! If you let them go it ’ s over

