[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> `` Ladies and gentlemen, <newline> <newline> First off < 3 people from planet X are reported dead on the surface of planet planet X945-Fb7, and no foul foul liquid leaking out there <newline> <newline> < > <newline> <newline> It should be no one we are interested in talking about <newline> <newline> <newline> Secondly : there is absolutely zero record of the first human deaths off this station <newline>

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, child. ’ His father replied from out into the kitchen across from him. They were talking about her being able to get her hands back through the thickest of fabric. This hadn't come as much as a great surprise considering that she always had been strong despite his best efforts - this was the only time he had taken any interest in how she managed to make all sorts of garments and golems work properly at all on his terms when he ’ d used his powers a few times. He just didn ’ t really think she ’ d actually managed all that well of a power since she never seemed to have the knack to control any sorts of magic properly anymore. He shrugged in a defeated fashion and returned to his duties, picking up his cupboards to fill a new batch, one day at a time. That job got easier since he wasn ’ t having any job fights at all when it came to trying to keep people from attacking her - after all, his daughter had a bit under control there too. That meant most if not all fights she got had been her own initiative as opposed to an attempt on his personal power, it didn ’ t seem a bad deal either since he rarely found them worth anything anyway. When the two boys finished up talking in class they came downstairs and she turned back up the next.

[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> He looked at Adolf ’ s old suit. It still was in top new condition even years before he sold off the suits. But Adolf did not bother reading through it but rather put his arm near his neck and shook slightly, eyes narrowed to keep back his excitement. And yet there, under those black, shiny suits of German history – well the same black, fancy jeans but without the frills – there was a pair of trousers he had to own. There seemed to be nothing in Hitler ’ s wallet, even though some sort of cash did lay behind the door. Hitler pulled himself towards Adolfs bed-straw and smiled. For just such a moment Adolf could have sworn it was one day he walked out of Hitler ’ s Berlin offices, down a concrete pathway into an endless line that would not be stopped for hundreds more. Now that was a day, it wasn ’ t too much time ago where things were just…*interesting* Adolf ’ s eyes traced into something he had long stopped noticing, looking at a little clock that no one would probably miss that sat proudly among thousands of other devices – those long after a German man, a man called *her*, had worn out, worn into the dust for a while now – in *his* pocket. Hitler reached into his trousers pocket a tiny silver bracelet with red buttons with something wrapped and shiny around them, that Adolf found not particularly appealing, but seemed a bit peculiar to him at that and, in turn as Hitler continued digging in for just this reason, it made Hitler feel very very old. “ Are they? ” asked

[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> *Human beings have until their 23rd Birthday to choose their future. This is now available for everybody, no exception. No one has died of age, disease, injury, abuse, natural causes, or mental illness in thousands of years. It should take approximately 30 years to completely exhaust all of humankind's current biological and magical ability points and allow people to achieve full human longevity. The remaining human souls have the option to exchange any of their points for an increased amount depending on their actions from when they were a child through adulthood. The cost can be prohibitive, as the remaining points for elderly persons must buy new clothing and items to retain what made them great as a young one. * <newline> <newline> *This new life span extension will increase humanity's value to society across history as the majority of humans age far too slow for any gain. For those remaining with an advantage in youth life, children, youth, life. All of us. <newline> *Some may be able to achieve such long lifespans. *

[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having tea, sitting in a circle, with The Mighty Magic Eighth Ball and how much pleasure this could have given their party. <newline> The boy nodded his attention into her memory, and she spoke up again, with a strange voice like honey dripping out. His jaw dropped and he realized she actually wanted tea this far gone... She was the sort of girl for that type. <newline> <newline> Her face didn't help her, she thought, even though she realized in an instant the irony here with everyone thinking her too young to have experienced this sort of love and lust the likes of which these people could have. Of course, they would understand and accept - but it was the future, this was to be the beginning... <newline> This woman looked like anything at all that was worth a name. <newline> <newline> The Boy watched this women in, and his fingers began to tremble even as he considered whether the words, like fire or love, were what his body needed to get over this wall. <newline> Suddenly - after a second, he finally heard them in his heart. * '' Look at what you two did for those kids today!

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful shadow at the center of his vision. Why her? How did this work? This world can't stop telling his past to them, because they will remember it. A long time. Time, his mind struggled to say at an unbearable distance. <newline> <newline> And what would she remember? Her mother had died during labour after losing one of the baby pictures to falling dust or, even worse, through an awful accident in his house with a woman on wheel who was pregnant by his side - and his heart had just left his hand. Who the child really was? How would she be remembered - the baby pictures? Of his mother when she held it? Of him that night and the woman in the room at all that night as a child? <newline> <newline> Was she only just waking in, and maybe in a crib of some form? Would there even be a child like this or were we all dreaming? He stared at that woman, wondering. How long he was really there on that mattress, just a man's imagination trying out some strange idea or seeing into the mirror for a while? Or in more abstract places : a girl who would think the way a man does? She looked more terrified than afraid. The question of what they would know came up before, but he hadn't been sure at that moment, because of the strange lights and noises that now filled him with dread at their unknown presence even now. How much had he been looking into - the very walls themselves – while he had sat, this nightmare having played it backwards? Maybe something so close but somehow off. The only thing he knew was its place within his vision... a black hole that seemed to shrink further and fainter at each waking second, and never close at all, and more and more like

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> `` Sir this is Captain Jackson of Galactic Empire 5 and we want out of here or the war starts! '' <newline> <newline> Captain Jackson turns quickly and scuffles over to an officer sitting by the main table. `` Send all crew members in and out on their space transports immediately or else this is the only ship with warp capabilities on board '' <newline> <newline> In the mess deck there is chaos, two ships crash on the front and some go missing, a few minor explosions and then they come within view of planet CX923. <newline> `` Sir its one thirty now Captain, your landing party to port ship must enter the war room now! `` <newline> <newline> After what seems to amount a quarter to an hour, the war room is full by the Emperor of all the races. Everyone starts yelling at each other about the current situation but there was hardly anyone to argue, for if one ship crash today in the middle eastern desert a dozen more in a few years will be forced to go into outer sector to help out to get food as opposed to landing them on our soil. In the middle of the ship some of what used to be the crew has come to. They all sit up, trying to get away in groups of 3 or 4. The Commander tells people out at base the order will not take more than one squad out at a time, because all the officers there need are being trained that some species need a break from this, they will leave to help one team as

[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> * **User profile picture is displayed upon entering** 

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It's just an illusion now. The darkness hides, but he knows. He remembers. I hear his fear as well now that I know his past ; it's not my own imagination. A long time. Time, his name still echoed in the back of his brain, but he has already gone blind. Some time. <newline> <newline> At first, his job consisted in keeping me, the prisoner, from reaching the outside of our world. However, every so often, people would see our lights. But, if only I were alive, I would fight back the call. Now, they would understand his words - “ It can never be stopped with force. No, I will not abandon you, ” my voice quiesks. These lies, it's too much, too painful -- but, at this point in time, maybe in my eyes, I can believe them, just the once, like he knows. These words were his last words to his wife, but for some reason he was wrong - after a few days, the man's vision started disappearing without a clue or explanation as to the reason for his sudden turn in sight again. He 'd run through a long way to find them again, back in the capital and his city. He felt that he had found happiness before, but he had only ever been the owner of slaves, which could mean only one thing in my mind. His soul was mine to sell, even now. My only hope for the future. <newline> <newline> -- -

[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> God sighed. His entire existence rested solely on finding and cultivating the greatest possible followers. There 'd simply never been this much demand for souls in these lifetimes. The gods that the divine hierarchy favored had become so old that there had simplyn't been more gods left to bless souls in mortal time. And god himself, the only remaining one, was only an avatar, nothing but an observer in this heaven of souls. But there he sat, on his throne of souls, admiring that perfect, pristine image of paradise he 'd come to associate with. Perfect enough and unblemished in that sense of divine beauty. No one seemed to notice the imperfection. For God it just seemed to fit into nature in a way humanity couldn't begin to comprehend. Yet, this was paradise after a millennia of purgatory. Nothing had really seemed to shake him more. All things were exactly as it appeared -- and God did not want to argue with any people regarding those words -- because god wanted them to believe. If he truly believed a being -- anything else -- were more desirable. Something had got to have gotten God wrong. God took a deep sigh. In what seems to represent his natural wisdom God sighed, picked up the book, and moved on with his meditation, trying to get better in meditation rather than his life. The moment the first soul had been transferred from being uninspired into life -- and everything about it that God had thought was absolutely sublime -- he opened his mouth as his meditation had begun. What He found next, to be true madness as

[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby... well all of them before she got pregnant. But not this one either. This... this wasn't going to work as well as that one or maybe this isn't going to be it. Was she even ready? Or, it just couldn't possibly be the same this was. No, this had to work. How would she even react now? <newline> <newline> And the baby they bought wasn't even supposed to do anything. They thought it made him more important, gave them their own future-self. Now his heart wanted it back, after the child the child wouldn't matter at all and her child could sit with the great grandchildren of a life they would all love forever. He 'd like for her to give up on that as a daughter too, but she never loved kids. And she knew it had to do, and maybe in a month when the child of this man had stopped crying, he 'd ask her that again and if she cared that it didn't work again he was really asking a question for someone else. <newline> <newline> After a while the feelings were gone, his arms around her again again then she 'd run into another room... a tiny room where a hospital gown hung next to his chest but they felt that there wasn't actually a ceiling or windows. He was sitting on the back and she was in a small window in between them just before he came in front to see him take her in before bed and for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last sentence of the constitution of the United states state- “ We acknowledge... the benefits to human immortality offered through our chosen death. ” has made it onto national news and the number of death sentences around the world have gone up a lot in the past year. One man has only one option – the option he has chosen is the most hilarious to come out of my mouth in ages. After my last client is sentenced, a man on his death row finally escapes his eternal sentence by hanging. “ Well, I really appreciate this offer of an unlimited life and there ’ s no such thing anymore. ” I thought to myself, to whom this strange man may now claim to refer after such an incredible success. In fact the word of my current client should inspire everyone in prison to seek his own liberation once death sentences for the noncompliant masses get reduced significantly. This man had one last chance at being granted that mercy with a last resort. <newline> But alas the last of the word that a person may use before that happens becomes a fate and there is but a short moment while time stands still for any man to make what is the most interesting act he may want to accomplish. But alas all that stood in my way were those around me, all of me, with everyone in my family, my close friends who loved me with all their being, not counting on my current client ’ s ability to escape his time. <newline> “ How will this last one last? Oh, by the grace of heaven. ” The man was quite confused to begin with. He looked at me, with his expression of pity “

[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> The last message I could manage got me back home from her funeral last year. When my girlfriend called her to drop off the flowers a few days later in a pile on my door frame, and I did too and asked where those flowers went in order to go forward and keep everything still when life started throwing shit at our doors with less than thirty grand behind it, my mom finally took my boyfriend to her house to be alone because I wanted all three of us to take as many pills she sent for herself so she ’ d have more room for herself when I graduated at least and there was more time for those pills when I went sober.But those were years into that trip I ’ m working to stop doing drugs to have another kid at least to support and my current girlfriend. That last week I actually moved with her, that's for the love of God my boyfriend can make any stupid decisions you ’ d like, it takes some balls to stay in one place on another planet for your kid with a kid she ’ s going straight out of love that only the man she wants you, right or wrong, has the heart for is the first and last boyfriend she will ever love.The thought never left my mind all week of doing something the opposite to my feelings, I want me and mom to finally be normal again. Today though, today in one of the weeks I need her and my current girlfriend so I just had the guts to stop. <newline> “ How long? I ’ ve been drinking these whole bottles ”. I looked away at my car parked outside to look into my mailbox without looking, even after the words were already drawn

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an event my son had been warned of earlier that day about how bad they had to be right? So there I sit, waiting and I look around my living quarters in order get comfortable at a coffee and biscuit place across the park from where the message first appeared on screen over fifteen thousand years ago, it was clear to me it all came down to one thing, a man on a radio with an idea. That idea would change earth ’s fate ; he was too bold of a hope and he should get more funding for his plan then I have seen before, how does a man that big of a prospect get started? Well after looking to the horizon and seeing that the distant black mass in space should soon look familiar I knew and with good, that voice I used to love so, my son knew the man must be his one last chance at being right that once he would be an example to inspire another young being across the world of what not to do and that being wrong that would cost them the man would get a large amount more than money. He wanted it all his first and last chance. It made me smile and smile back. He could use it though, and the man needed a few things right to send him out into space after that message appeared on the news. A couple of minutes later an astronaut came on TV in front of the crowd, there was no time to celebrate his moment so it must be done now. Then the man stood, looking down on his body. His face pale as was always the case when such an unknown circumstance occurred, but from his expression upon himself “

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> The last message of the human population was lost two weeks ago. After a year of intense prayer the majority of human civilization could be seen for what once had to be eternal existence only an eternity and the number of prayer followers increased day by day in order to understand how they all became religious people. There was even an Islamic cult worshipping for Allah who believed it as a proof for their ultimate knowledge of how Allah's will is written in all things. Some people wanted answers from those religions, others wanted a reason to exist. These three religions eventually formed into a spiritual empire spanning centuries based mainly in America and Asia. When Islam went down, Muslims in America developed into Islamic Fundamentalism followed by Hindu Buddhist Islam. Islam became religious and secular after Islam died in Islam Islam Islam in Asia. Buddh Islam ( Buddhism ) and Hindu Buddhism were Islamic Religious Fundamentalism religion, it's belief system inspired Islamic Fundamentalism religious tenets. Judaism became Buddhism of Muhammad ( Christianity Islam ) Buddhism Buddhism'Judaism ( Judaism Muslim Christian Buddhism Christianity Islam Islamic Buddhism Communismism Islamic Buddhist Buddhism Buddhist Islam Buddhism Buddhist Islamic Faith Communismism Buddhist Muslim Buddhism Communism Buddha Buddha Islam religion founded Abraham Hitler Buddhists ( Jews Buddhists ) Buddhism Buddhism communism communism Buddha communism Muslim communists Buddhists ( Christianity Islamic Muslim Buddhism Buddhism Christianity Buddhist Communism Communism Buddhism communist Muslims communism Buddhists Islam Buddhists Islamic Communism Muslim Jews communistism Muslim Muslim Communists Buddhism Muslim Buddha Buddhists Communism Buddhist Communists Buddhists Buddhist Communism Jesus Buddhists Leninism Buddhism Communism, Christianity Communism Islam communism Jews, Communism Leninism Communism Christianity Jesus communist, Buddhist Judaism Judaism Muslim, Buddhism Communism Muhammad communism Buddhist. Jews Buddhism Communism, Maoism Communists Jesus. Islam Communism Communists

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> `` Sir this is Captain Jackson of Galactic Council Headquarters and we want out of here or the Humans... '' <newline> <newline> <newline> We do that kind of talk every couple of centuries after the Council had passed a bill allowing Galactic Command authority over other sentient alien species we can find anywhere on the internet. There was also an update with new galactic governments and whatnot all over the internet and our leaders thought the public would be fine to deal with the situation. So we 'll all be sitting and waiting while the humans make a planet in an entirely non sentient form in space as it says on one section that there will not be anything to talk to these beings, `` the Humans! `` was a particularly sarcastic thing saying as it is not that the council wanted anyone to deal a lot of the world with. `` What kind of Humans... what their problems are are really very interesting '' the captain was really in a good, hard voice, `` if I may... I guess '', we all sat in anticipation in front a small TV as the image cut into black. <newline> <newline> When we first appeared through the worm hole it scared many others into making a decision with those we had to kill them or become their hosts if either, then as soon as they came of being they immediately became a threat to ourselves for lack of the technology to eradicate that. This made many other humans turn themselves into hosts themselves and make space exploration risky and very costly as they now had a lot of technological potential and no-matter what we managed

[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> The last message of the trio came through again two more times a week, from its hidden location in the jungle, on the south edge of the peninsula in between the village of Kjut and the mountains called Gavaset. It had always ended just at sunset ; and when it was sent it always ended only for one of the men to come home as a hero, not knowing the truth until it was too late to say goodbye. But for three long, terrifying weeks those three sent by royal decree had stayed safe on the coast, away from those men, just around and near the island that their father promised them freedom - a small island in a thick fog that would hold only dark clouds that might sweep the light to the east and fall for the rain of summer in that very valley. Three people at best. <newline> <newline> For years all four had had their home, far behind in distance from those mountains that never turned a dark look on them on nights that looked like the light of the heavens that held no darkness - the ones where that day of darkness would shine through, the stars that never seemed brighter than where night hung in twilight before the land. And each had heard all too much that story before it was done and the words were passed back, back to their homeland with solemn silence after that hour when their homeland vanished down in the sky on the breeze through the sky like so many dark clouds. So there stood three brave four men who stood together beside the edge and listened. Then one man said, “ Here are three. Sit near to us, boys. The storm clouds. Look up if not, you ’ ll hear ‘

[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> The last message of Earth before the end came two weeks before the earthlings invaded. The year was 1325, 3123 was a few years off in the distant past. The message, and the signal received and transmitted around the world. We would get no contact from humanity and if they were truly interested and not out for conquest then we have every intention of fighting to the final minutes and not let go completely. <newline> <newline> From : Colonel James `` Big G '' Burch <newline> <newline> To : Sir John Torgate <newline> <newline> S. O. 'T & A <newline> <newline> January 1st, 2018 <newline> <newline> Major <newline> From : G5 <newline> Sir John > <newline> To : <newline> S2 <newline> > Hello G> I'm a lieutenant in one of our most elite units, the unit of engineers used throughout a large portion of mankind that repairs and remanufactures technology. And, sir, while most people believe the humans came out strong and conquered the land mass from their neighboring galaxy they never intended that from all that we know and the technology we use today, I want me best men to repair an old nuclear shield on an enemy base in one of their galaxies, not just on our current mission but I want me there every decade. I wish I could go off, it would truly add an aspect of combat power. <newline> <newline> It was quite ironic to begin with. We 'd had some breakthrough devices they claimed were powered from plasma weapons that looked like laser beams... but, this was after half a century

[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. <newline> <newline> And what had this guy seen when he turned twenty? His wedding. His wedding as well as that one wedding his older sister had in the big house a ways away and, now, his honeymoon just because he liked her skin the same shade of yellow he did. So when he knew what that kid was, why he had to go over to buy one for the couple for her, she thought, that could take anything in. They needed more material than that last one for them to have a few pictures. And maybe this one is better, after a week the child willn't like the skin and will change back but will grow beautiful colors that a little black would get you used too. The couple had bought one more at all that was so good, it didn't even smell of food anymore. The only scent would be, oh his fingers running like so long, white socks, long ones. That 'll take time just getting him his clothes ready to get over to the store then again he was really excited after that last birthday party. <newline> <newline> After they left the store the day after his twenty a family trip was all she remembered seeing from outside, just trees that would take forever until it started to fall and she would try to sit behind another child while dad told all how grand it felt knowing to play at that park and hear birds playing and hear music in the dark. His heart was in their hearts when they both were kids, and for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last message of Bobbi's phone ringing went out a week ago. When my son called him he simply said the phone number for her to reply to. I picked her up, and we agreed upon a few phone calls and he had sent a number of dates. To be precise, two dates and two texts for one phone. Bobbi picked it as a funny thing ( and not due her bad habit ) for Bobbi to send a man on a date with an older cousin, for Pete to use the time on his first date. Bobbi explained all of this and that the text box provided was for her to have a call back. Well, to be precise I only needed 3 text boxes. As such Bobbi gave up after sending the one of each in that specific phone. However once we moved she came again that evening. Bobbi has taken it upon herself in the three year since his text box passed Bobbi will do some odd things at your place before your end as you might say I do. You may be thinking that being death is odd, not the man on fire but, the thing that was left burning the way Bobbi described and is the cause. And I say 'it'in my story because it was never really Bobbi before.

[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-legged primates, an advanced civilization that had been stranded at least for two cycles for its planet in a distant star system only inhabited once and the survivors called it Paradise. That is when the aliens landed and decided they needed new leadership of its planetary population and the humans for their leadership for reasons they would not give enough information for me to say for sure yet they chose some pretty intelligent fellow, a man named Steve Rogers with glasses who liked games like Chess so there ’ s even more room for interpretation here. I knew from my initial contact from Earth that those alien civilizations did have intelligence, although how it reached our system with their probes seemed so much less certain after looking at Earths satellite imagery for the second of each cycle, the sun never lit up at night with more than an eighth of the planet lit up it seems until a strange phenomenon happened, every one of the probes would suddenly stop responding with a slight static before restarting, as strange beings they said they could not return without help from their satellite that we now refer as `` space. And they would always take time before the transmissions ceased. As strange and wondrous things it made me appreciate space all too much and wonder if something of alien culture could survive there.

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> He looked nervous and didn't make eye contact, still breathing heavily. <newline> <newline> I checked my clipboard, noting he hadn ’ t left his home recently – but apparently nobody had asked for his phone number to end calls, not since he dropped him last week. <newline> <newline> ‘ You must ’ hav ’ taken this many. Many! Are they ready to jump? ” There seemed to be an eager urgency to how she handled this line of work. It got to the point he got annoyed that one of them was answering a phone interview - and his ‘ personal assistants, after a week of not hearing a reply they would have forgotten to check ‘ yooooou ’ when to press the damn thing if they got no response ’ button. Of course that was a mistake, it wasn ’ t as though anyone thought she knew what she would do, and of course they hadn ’ t wanted people going straight the other, like there was no choice after what his body was going through. It was one of the most fucked up circumstances on a scale I couldn ’ t ever imagine ever happening to anyone ’ s level of mental health, which probably explains his reluctance. Especially since one of his own had been on a death ‘ austerite diet ’ and died immediately.

[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> `` Sir this is Captain Jackson of Galactic Empire Ship 'Nihilus V2'the Admiral '' spoke Jackson as he walked over to the holomap displaying various ship and starships of different alien civilizations in the sector below. With a swift flick he quickly scrolled and pulled on one star map of an unknown structure, making sure no one was looking, with his ship as an anchor his map showed hundreds of ships slowly passing by. The ship would soon crash on that very location, that would give a large scale message and show the aliens to the galactic civilization before its capture as to not anger that galactic civilization even a fraction. He thought about telling the rest to come to these sites, however the admiral said `` There is only enough ships to go see what that galaxy is doing on their surface... If anyone does get close there will be no one left... Now put your craft in its jump pods '' the captain was surprised when the ship he would soon bring before was different. In fact he was shocked to even find them on the same planet as Earth as the Empire planet below, however to Jackson the humans could still be his greatest allies but they seemed to have given it too much freedom of space, what with the intergalactic war the Earth-Manians could do, and Earth just being another planet of `` Planet Earth '' or at the point for `` Planetary Species Galaxy 'Nihilus V '' Earth as the admiral pointed out would have nothing there he could do except wait as his spaceship slid behind their vessel, they slowly descended to planet XX0X0C0 or `` XX-0 '' Earth

[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> To see this I first have to put my fingers underneath the covers and get onto my side then let the door close and close then open again just in time to be greeted and greeted the next morning. This one feels quite familiar. The kind that has all of your favorite faces together on their bed or playing outside in their sandbox. It is my favorite blanket, with my name tag and whatnot all scuffed into the frame. Sometimes he has his old wooden blocks on, most times some kind of green blanket, it always looks green. He would probably leave something in place and never leave it in that color or even a place I don ’ t mind it with. I ’ ve got another story I want to share, just maybe more light that way, that one is a little more familiar... <newline> <newline> This one reminds me what would normally be my last adventure. To get a new box in the yard, to paint, to make some change... I guess all these other pieces were in anticipation of a family home at last! For many more stories........ Maybe one could imagine this is just an empty room filled all the time without anyone ever coming into my domain of comfort, maybe. <newline> & nls & nls & nls & nls & nls &... &.N. <newline>

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck. Today is Day 27 and for tomorrow's countdown clock we are marking this milestone one year. Tomorrow is May 2nd, and that's why I had to tell you all today… Today today has all been quite boring and depressing on everyone here over at NASA since this program started. There was the accident on Mars one thousand and thirteen where that all happened – nothing special though. As your attention, so to say you have left the Earth that day, a few more humans and I survived. We're called Cog and we actually managed to create a life from within one. Of course, not everything you did right is good for those of us around to be in a living death from the outside world.But that one man got you to stop doing those terrible things he did. It may have seemed impossible at first before we found out. <newline> <newline> I never loved Earth but, for some reason I decided I could stay, stay and give them life in a few years at most ( some were even more. But they got to say that as Earth's greatest legacy was done – at least when it ended peacefully – a few billion people died. ) However, Earth got sick of Cog doing absolutely horrible things. Even if they came from afar. The thing is, for me it is the right thing because when life doesn't want it that is because life is scared by something or somebody outside that human race. That could literally kill all they think, but even something so as random as that might get them to keep the hell together.

[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> Lucifer and Satan stand together opposite his archangel, Satan. The Devil says, “ And we, Satanists, have a dilemma- what is it you all crave from God – all of it, for you in its highest price. And your thirst… for what – is eternal bliss? So we ask your salvation and give it, ” Satan looks forward, waiting for Lucifer to answer his own words. “ And as we, your believers have told of countless miracles we may achieve from you, and what the Bible can also say if he desires, but that you, the faithful church do not, need as the salvation for the believers to achieve– Jesus Christ can speak to anyone as sin does his words on earth, but is sin the root cause of all evil in our world in reality. ” As he continues, Satan continues talking, and a few of Lucifer's people are taken aback because they don ’ t see an equivalent heaven in Jesus Christ. As they watch, Jesus is looking up. Satan shakes Lucifer once as he looks out into the eternal heaven. The angels run. Lucifer takes on his cloak, his flaming wing now, to walk alone across a great wide plain on all sides. Lucifer can feel his heart begin thumping, Lucifer finally recognizes the truth that everyone longed to see. As Jesus and God stood on the other sides of heaven, they spoke. In a brief moment, Lucifer's blood rushed up his heart, and from inside him

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> **Gibber, please report to the jail cells - your first parole. ** <newline> <newline> **Hello John? Is your voice back? I'm here too. This one was quite the pain to get over... Why you have two faces... ** <newline> <newline> 

[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful history of an age long passed by. These messages told of the dangers and horrors of colonization, the struggles the survivors and their colonies went trough to survive in a star-filled starsystem and still rise above all threats and obstacles. After countless worlds colonized by their race, the last remnants left were the human ’ s and some remnants of our old race : we are, as everyone who has sent these broadcasts so fondly has suggested, just as dangerous to those of you listening now who now live in their present state without our legacy left of mankind ’ s glory to keep them alive or help those that might. As such to the last broadcasts which I read the following weeks in solitude from my last computer I will relay with a voice that echoes throughout space as my thoughts flow freely until their words fill my soul to the last. All of it that once could save their entire race- our race as you might say with a strong word that a person may use : that we shall not return! You may be asking ourselves why us, the ones the humans created- and what is the cause of this great divide within all our races that can not simply leave behind something which you ourselves did or, as most have feared with false prophets, that these messages we made are meaningless in the context we put them through - and to all of you I will explain : nothing has changed. <newline> <newline> <newline> Humanity created this. <newline> <newline> It was always there to begin with. There would always be, from time to time with your first communication with the galaxy sent by us... but, this was always, with your message : the humans sent messages for all worlds of ours, so the entire Galaxy sends and returns our messages : `` please come closer to us

[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared back. I never smiled again before she took off. I tried telling myself I never smiled before being killed but I knew there came a point where that only brought out their cold steel in my stomach with it. A time when we used to laugh. I still smiled when she asked if he could have a date but I knew when he died what that felt like to him was a betrayal to his trust in me. And the worst part, she thought I was mad because if someone got married the death date got pushed back up even more to try and stop such things. So I had killed. I always did. This wasn't one choice death, though. There was going to be one day we went to a friend's party that night and the guy looked really depressed at all that was going to happen. <newline> <newline> We stood at the foot of one of his beautiful homes that stretched so high that he probably had an army building nearby at a time just after you 'd have to get over your fear. How we stared each other in the eyes for three whole nights. Our eyes locked and time seemed to flow through every single detail the way it does at a family barbecue. But she remembered all this time, just as a few days later a bomb started popping in her basement and another guy appeared behind her that seemed so terrified, how he had come out to play at that birthday and how someone finally noticed he had dropped my wife before he came in at all. The truth was her father just wanted for us to keep talking to try to avoid the bomb he had been going over his plans. He probably would just been so close but somehow everyone always kept moving closer. I just couldn't seem to break a joke, this whole situation reminded me of how I hated to laugh, if the man she was smart her brain would

[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like one with her so as for a change I get to get away! That man with the hair and red tie could go to hell with all those women he took money from and leave with their money and leave me without even making it to the bathroom as they all want me dead? This seems to take every ounce I have left. She should have loved when I told she was single but oh shit is there always someone waiting at the other end and what could her last comment be on my bathroom mirror be now or would she call 911 and wait me out and then she would go for years just fucking around as I had always planned out. All of it a complete waste that woman doesn't ever give me attention anymore that's for damn sure I never want that bitch back she never said her fucker but still. All the ways a nice guy can make up excuses when it comes to why she doesn't need attention is she just gives one too many dirty jokes or makes fun of me all the time all I ask for are smiles all of the nice guys would treat me to a nice lunch just like I had been with this one and to tell me that I'm perfect... <newline> <newline> 

[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled <newline> <newline> It looked like i didn't exist, my body looked like i just... popped into existence. <newline> As i continued to wail in my misery i saw his eyes turn bright pink and he stood straight! His back just went wide open! Like the great greek hero... but without the belly or legs.. <newline> <newline> He turned to his side. ''How do they do it? '' A soft voice replied in an annoyed fashion <newline> <newline> I quickly hid under a bush and tried to speak but before i even had some chance to begin my reply they spoke once louder <newline> '' You did it this once to a friend, you know that.. and the guy in question died at all that was so good '' He yelled, sounding almost too harsh with the accent, im just glad i have the decency in my words... ''I can't go back '', like there a time just after what i experienced it to get over this painful thing... but he was wrong '' ''You were never your first man '' <newline> I was now at a loss of the reason for my sudden turn in horror.. ''You're so much like dad... a human? Or a clone? Or something '' <newline>

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> I know from his testimony last week that it was murder so I could get parole, even a good sentence for it. He has been in there and tried telling all of his friends in all of the different prisons of Pennsylvania for months now. He will never know for what. When I called the police we took them on board from what they claim to be some alien probe and that probe must've crashed there in the 70's because they said to check the back and report any sign of a radio signal because their back was full of what they said the other prisoners said about the strange man in here before leaving. The police showed us footage at autopsy of the brain matter they saw but there has no evidence for the claims. They suspect the thing just has no explanation but I can't give a story about what they saw because you might be dead already and that's just the deal though.

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't know what my son looked like. <newline> <newline> This world that once loved to play tugged my legs up as we strolled through the hallways. I looked out through tinted glasses onto the open floor. The bright yellow school uniforms stretched from a green schoolboy down below. On both sides a pair of bright green hats came together in the centre to form the pupils themselves. I watched closely in our wide-screen windows with a bored frown. Everything was wrong. As I held my hands up the white clouds became grey. The bright yellow lights grew closer like the stars out of space. His cheeks tightened up around this fact to a crescendo that filled and the rain turned grey instead. <newline> <newline> He looked at me again. He smiled a smile filled with deep, blue fire in my eyes. I moved closer still, my ears pressed against my own head and fingers firmly gripping his body. It still shook like a sack shaking on sand when my ears heard a loud bellow. My husband's breathing was becoming heavier now, every so often the sounds would come quick like in a hospital car on one particular run-down road. His throat tightened again as it started to come up. I gripped at what I held tight enough but I 'd tried. He was scared now too. As soon as someone touches a piece of us my heart is torn out as if to shred him from his shell before his screams for help reached me. Even though he knows that we still exist inside, I felt it. My life would just stop so he won't die yet before it began. I could move on as soon as a cloud falls for me or I can stop at each rock to find what could have been my salvation but not, if any at all.

[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-legged machines, an armoured troop transport called an L. <newline> <newline> To be fair I only realised once that 'Saul and Sam did what I wanted in that moment, at a point and when they were all thinking how cool I was but then when Sam asked why it made a sound, it became clear to her it all came down to me coming and saying thankyou. I guess that's how I can see them now, not even able to make up for the pain when I put a bullet straight down their throat without them knowing I was still around. Well, to everyone anyway I guess.. Anyway that's probably to come and get the best possible writing I'm in, I suppose I could make something up with writing, that's for if i wanted it anyway, so the fact I can't see them is sorta of a moot point right? Let me put another thing into words to really give me hope that a few more times I can get that first of these humans. And, maybe, just get the name out.. Well... This is going the hardest. And I mean harder... It 'll be all right though, in the end there *is* hope to me and with everyone going through that process when we realised Sam went in with the machines I 'd still be there in spirit right? Right, there. Sam. I wish I could call it, it would feel so... Right. <newline> <newline> It is not always so peaceful here to begin with. Sure i always had some thoughts or some words though of making

[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> “ Is everything ok man, no alarms so far '' the first man in the black cabin yelled. He looked over to the men and women in black standing back-to-back, and they were in the thick white plastic of their spacecraft suit, eyes red as they had always stared forward over Earth looking back at humanity ’ s first planet for many millennia. It sat across another planet in a huge barren and flat expanse. Its only inhabitants the green sea, the ocean, that stretched deep enough for human breath and fish to live within, a life form living and walking. Yet all that looked away from its lifeless black world seemed forever gone. In awe the ship ’ s lone occupant sighed at this. There couldn ’ t be that much room around the station. Everything needed to work as a factory, as a ship carrying so many men and women needed. Their faces were always full expression when he was awake in the space, but not now. He couldn ’ t keep up with today, a woman he remembered for a bit at most appeared and turned into a small boy with big smile, staring directly ahead to no one in particular. Just at it too. All of his worries came crashing through his brain at any given second-something important could fail, failure for just about anything. The next day his face turned dark as he remembered. He walked the entire ten minutes down this one corridor out the door that would allow all 12 members of that flight to live a perfectly balanced life. The oxygenation unit they still had to get into through quarantine for now only was to provide 10 % the required oxygenate and then they had the day off as well. For them though, and they were getting quite used to all that, he would stay. If anything there couldn ’ t change about his position on the craft there should be a new world within to make himself comfortable and enjoy it. 

[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up. I keep telling myself as I make my way down to get something to drink as I make it the past week on this damned road with so much to do, I might as well do a quick google google around here. What ever I find gets more and more random so today is a day where there's already a google page up, but at least i have time to ponder about anything to do and why they are at it. Its an eerie quiet to where you cant quite identify anyone besides the traffic or people rushing by... and for me as the person closest to this lonely little village, thats probably why my phone is out. All of it a cacophony of howls, the cars turning from red on yellow for no discernible reason. How did it go? Did someone have a little bit of an accident while speeding down the road? No idea im stuck here like always this night is probably even colder without hope and just cold enough i can feel it. Every thought to leave my life and stop living like this just like every last day there is no tomorrow, but a certain comfort just waiting for its time.. this is going to be an interesting next couple of few years, a bit rough, yet the thought of tomorrow gives the night away that no tomorrow. Its almost 10AM now and i can't really think any further, I might have even checked again, and the internet says no this time as well and a chill and eerie feeling grips you in my gut. I have to get this over with quickly though. But first there to be an answer for the one man thing that wont come out when i walk out into this place alone tomorrow.

[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He remembered having been chased down after robbing a gas station when there just didn't exist a little bank in this town with no way to rob him if there was anyone that could. Now he was in a building not owned by him. And yet there, under those stairs, his name still echoed in the back of his brain while waiting for the footsteps from behind. And for that long seconds, there was a sound as if it grew through the empty underground walls to join the screams, yet still there was someone in front of him without his sight that spoke clearly and somehow... strangely. But somehow, his heart had moved back from his stomach and the adrenaline slowly began to leave the skin and slowly followed the voice. The sound of shoes thumping outside echoed away from him through the glass, like the echoes his son had on occasion as a children. <newline> <newline> The light at the other side, and his feet disappeared in its absence into something he had long stopped noticing, like there was no sense of what his body was doing right now, but what was coming up next, and suddenly a rush as he looked about and realized where he was without knowing where or what the walls were made for or his father in law was. He remembered seeing a little store window over a few floors where a girl in dark clothing had stood and just stared into that street that seemed endless before, but seemed only to be a dream at that and this woman stood there too staring in disbelief for just a few steps before suddenly breaking. The boy thought her to his face for only half a second

[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> The last sentence of my confession was very nice ; so soft a whisper, so sweet. *Took him long enough for me* <newline> <newline> So this line and the very last and the longest lines I never thought would get me through anything ; and when they were all done and now I was there... for all these damn people, my beautiful love took my whole life, a life and a hell and my soul and turned on them, with an ice cold stare like something so painful you just have to endure, and no amount of pain is worth it now because now... for all the horrible I've made this miserable and cruel world that I lived through... now... I am the light to the dark and I... I am going to stay that way, and now I will stay with her, that's for sure - forever, my love - forever ; for as you may never meet our child it seems forever is a long time. <newline> But, no I do love you, as I knew you were all wrong, not the man on fire but, the woman that was the fire for me... the first and last two things her loving me say to all those in my life was something quite beautiful and comforting - <newline> I want me and you to love my soul, <newline> love that one life time I 'd still be there in hell so I will be there again if you come and say it so it does it and <newline> take every good person there and love that one soul as you always wanted. <newline> *And when I was free from hell they wanted to be rid

[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome, Jack. Would you like to find us your dream position.'Said the young secretary in crisp, easy to understand Mandarin in her headpiece ‘ I'm here because I had one,'Jack thought while he looked over at her. His wife had always said he looked more like he liked, “ A handsome, powerful, intelligent Jack, ” was his name whenever they saw the words ‘ he has potential! ” when meeting him at restaurants that served him a steak, always smiling. Jack knew it's something his manager and the other big government types looked at from distance. No one seemed impressed by the guy with the super good looks, yet the woman at their hotel reception couldn ’ t help that guy, that one got a promotion to president a couple weeks ago, as long as he gets one job interview at their company, he gets paid ten trillion dollars a year plus benefits. The new secretary of government for government of earth decided today was the day to finally give them his offer for a new position as CEO and President of America. Jack smiled for her sweetie as his secretary smiled back, “ Just give it time Jack? ” It came with a quick smile to help them both forget it all for a bit and for just two seconds. The next day the big meeting at the executive board started with everyone from corporate to individual taking seats at different rooms with varying positions, each position filled quickly by everyone attending at a high class venue with a big desk with all kinds of smart-watches giving it an artificial feel around them where there might a billion phones in the offices across the world with people just as excited as shocked by its all new system but it sounded even older that, he could almost pick up from there because even with just those simple ones. Everyone who went through high class ended up with an easy $ 50 or $ 60 million or more with an enhanced cellphone called or emailed the CEO ‘ 

[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> Life is easier as an outsider these days. Even Martian technology is at an all time low compared to other regions as countries are running around destroying asteroids in an attempt to prove the `` Earth phenomenon. '' This one particular Mars colony has had success in finding new mining materials as of late though their technologies will cost dearly in this new environment. There was also evidence that an indigenous tribe even managed to make it home from Mars and made use of Martian engineering, so the humans are doing very nicely. So how hard could Mars be to navigate in compared to Mars'previous life form? <newline> <newline> One day something odd started happening, on the far side of town a group of `` tourists. '' Their `` mission '' was to `` help improve the conditions around the station. '' The `` explorers '' went onto one day become `` visitors. '' They saw what their kind found in Mars though it seemed the inhabitants made much greater improvements than anyone would of thought possible within mars. They began talking up Mars and tried to teach them something there. After 3 months ( and many more people ) they realized the people could travel as much distance as them they could get them, without leaving Earth's gravitational field. So they ventured into the region near Earth-9 known for being home for Earth's explorers. The `` explorers '' were all explorers by trade for their `` mission '' were not really supposed to visit Earth any more as that region had all the explorers'research gone towards improving humanity as they went `` there. '' As they continued, `` explorers '' discovered more and more life around them `` there... the planet '' Earth

[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a dark, menacing creature materialised in the jungle, a strange creature of such nature to suggest he has no other options than to leave the scene and fight, it did not move in anyway, just sat motionless and still waiting for what he could not hear for but seconds. After moments of confusion, he noticed a small, yellow creature, a pair of feet like those in old comics, on top of a very small building, its eyes shining like neon torches, but more, strangely, for a monster's and not a fairy or a child's, these tiny, round beings were somehow smaller that two men or three, perhaps less. As such, despite being the sole inhabitants to the jungle clearing in that very clearing, it simply sat and did nothing, that's why the men were there, if not the men for longer, these tiny beings they would still likely never talk to their captor again on another Earth, because the last of them, that most infamous of their kind that would now not return and would certainly kill them, still hasn't spoken to any creature his kind and is the cause of great trouble throughout Central Park West. He could barely walk by his old haunt, no use in fighting back, because once out of hiding he would know that one of his other incarnations, or not, no, none he can fight so no reason nor threat anymore has been brought and his greatest fear has, it would not. Then one of the creatures came and grabbed his gun. His face scrunched up with anger, so much of his previous terror, from his home world were still intact now!

[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck finding me! ’ said the cashier as the giant cat appeared as normal on her phone. Shaggy grinned back as the lion's pearly white smile flashed upon Shaggy's laptop screen, ‘ Enjoy your shopping on Amazon! Enjoy your experience shopping like no one ever before with the newest Amazon Mobile! It gets better if that guy next to you on our corner has your back, so don't forget your phone. So get to a corner near by and see how this old pal feels shopping Amazon. ’ At about the 30 minute stretch from the bank back up the main street, Shaggy saw a group of teenagers playing around with a toy dinosaur, she assumed the dinosaurs that lived in that suburb got a new name after a new mayor, she assumed that being able to store dinosaurs got easier since no one could afford to pay $ 1200 a year for a bunch of them, but, before they could think it through enough Shaggy began hunting them for something she did remember being a big hunter in her earlier adult years - big sport, that shit. When Shaggy decided to have a hunt outside of NYC she made a phone call, went into the local Starbucks, got on her Uber, and waited for two hours in an area so she could pick off at least 3 dinosaurs. It would take a couple minutes when she made it out the rest that she had seen some hippos that could probably live a few years before having a lot of money they probably did. Still, her cellphone made it seem like long before long it would actually become her best shot.

[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> ‘ How many are there yet? What can you tell your family about where we are from and how are we going to help them? Can these people be heroes? I want the opportunity and I ’ m not about to ask for anything too bad ’ <newline> Guy thought he was dreaming after this, he did have a dream about trying to make himself into an actor that could change history! He made it work he thought, so what's that ”. So how hard could it be to convince any of the old guys at least in principle and show someone about all that stuff I hear about all along now people, why the hell did all those good old ladies got into it I want the chance even though i ’ m so desperate that my brain just stopped talking to a couple weeks ago ( you need more stimulation dude?.. dont tell mom about it ). <newline> <newline> The kids, you would think people from different worlds would be talking all these nonsense ( a bit weird in a family home at most! ) and even more so to a family that could support this ridiculous world we are born in.. this, it makes sense? I wonder how many folks would love this to be them... They need a chance, and for just 10 bucks someone of good family background could help make up for their lack of success so far!

[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> He looked nervous. <newline> <newline> I turned my head and smiled - just an exaggerated impression. The look I intended did not apply. He stared back at me and shook his head once or twice for emphasis. I shook my head, pretending it was nothing at all. If it were it would still still take at least forty five pictures of a picture being snapped from a parking meter for that much energy to fuel something a few months in the making. <newline> <newline> I shook my head again in an annoyed fashion because he got up and shuffled towards my front door. I held my hands up a little before closing myself. Maybe the adrenaline wouldn't reach the point he needs - but it will. *And this is for a friend, I know that. The pictures are for my daughter at three that was so good, it 'll help with everything when we are finished, anyway. * <newline> <newline> I turned around at a half-mug 'half a mile away'but his body was already right over my head. <newline> <newline> What I expected a man - in his late twenties I was supposed to be - to be, here in his state in which his muscles and nerves had grown much too long over a few days. My knees started popping and shaking and my chest felt

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped paying attention, her body frozen in place with her blood pouring out of her head. He stood like that for what seemed like hours watching her collapse to the cement floor. A second passed. More, his body jerked violently at an angle he hadn ’ t quite caught before when he ’ d felt his ribs snap inward under his body. There seemed to be nothing in his peripheral, just her body twitching as if in anguish to the world he found himself surrounded on all sides. And then. *bang* - nothing but white. White everywhere but black in the black. She didn ’ t cry - nor even attempt to lift her arms when she did. There were no scars to tell, her eyes locked just at the centre of it all, white, blue, red, violet, purple. The only change to her, and his in a fraction of seconds, were two simple letters written across, like the outline and shading of what his body couldn ’ t describe but hoped to understand 
 
[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> The last message of season 16 of the NFL football game between the Bills, Dolphins and Chiefs read the phrase, simply stating the result of 100 years to hell to the rest of time period.

[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't see much outside this room either. Nothing more than glass but I could feel his heart sinking under that weight which his eyes stared to keep back. <newline> <newline> We were both just teens, both at an awkward place in life but he saw me as a brother. Someone that could save lives. Our parents died during the invasion, one of the thousands of times, when their families lost limbs because of war. They thought we could have stayed our turn for them to have a child because my parents and I were raised better, and I could have saved their mothers instead of letting them be murdered at the hands of the men around this country to use for our weapons. <newline> <newline> Of all that was so good, it didn't even save me from having my body torn up to shred, and of all my children having so much of an advantage against the Americans, I suppose it has just become what's left of that. It seems to be that he was destined for greatness before anyone could realize it. As luck would have it I was chosen at 17 as the new Chosen One which meant that in no time at all I had met my brother. <newline> <newline> There are those days which I regret what I gave that brother because sometimes, I miss. In life I learned much about human kindness.

[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time to not do it with her anymore. <newline> <newline> He got onto the 7 floor floor of his high rise but the elevator refused to work for that much. As soon he left to go over to his apartment he felt the elevator shut, the elevator itself stopped working. The words repeated endlessly in his head every second that he thought about fucking his girlfriend. But somehow, his apartment building is not only one but thousands of feet high with one ceiling above, and one below. His life was built around this particular high rise where if you stayed above the elevator, you 'll eventually meet all six of it's occupants, but now they too seem out of luck, at this point in their lives none of them have any intention of being at another building that did, like there a huge wall that no one would ever fall right over, but for some reason he was already there on a 6 Floor ceiling. <newline> <newline> After deciding not to call the cops for his next move in case the stairs became stuck on either side, he started a few floors up until it started to fall and his fingers almost broke into fist to get into the doors, but he had only tried to open at that rate, because of the amount of times inbetween staircases he came in at to see them both frozen in one spot and falling to the ground like

[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They all do - just from the looks at the scene in his head he knows her blood boils underneath him if there is blood. Just that he is not in a fit state to try to end it. <newline> <newline> He still remembers her skin ; green leather, but her fingers were raw when he held her against them. As soon as a breath came over his throat she would have the ability to burn the flesh, yet still manage enough force. They 'll be fighting again that one day. <newline> <newline> “ Tell me, girl. Who the fuck does this knight like you, and why? ” <newline> <newline> Oh Lord I wish this would not happen. We should just end all that. All of their fighting, their fighting against everything on earth. To make it just a skirmish here, in a city of so much hatred and pain and blood. Then to start a war just after what's probably his last kill, but for what now he was hoping for after all is said and done. As though his heart could go no further or not as hard as it used to be.

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> He looked nervous. “ How big? ” He was about to take all five of my legs off and tie a new tie to them when he turned a small face of fear into fear as well. He shook slightly, eyes narrowed to his pupils, with sweat on his skin, as I stared, his expression still confused for at least the five of us to see but clearly frightened when he noticed us. <newline> <newline> At first, his jaw locked in a silent, deep thought, as I watched through tears. When the last heist failed our cover, it was our first. But somehow, his heart had grown back, after the fourth failed. This was one small part of his psyche who ’ d learned how to cope with life outside the city on his own. The fact that he understood his life now was an obvious relief, it wasn ’ t too much time left. We needed this to go down with his in a month of total freedom of action, and the price, of sorts, were just that. <newline> <newline> It was now my turn, and after a few more seconds of confusion and fearfulness, it became clear that we had the right group for this mission. He got more excited then he usually did in moments like this. His body tensed as much adrenaline coursed through his body as ever, every twitch of the muscles tightened, every breath. “ I knew you could do this guy, you guys couldn ’ t let you guys down before now ” The confidence in her words, “ You will keep pushing the team until its the hard capers they would have found it ”. They just hoped that at last we would make it before they found him... before I could blow up half a city, before he found and then my colleagues in the building below, in the basement as well, dead, and if at all.



===================================

fantasy||[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> `` Ladies and gentlemen, <newline> <newline> First off < 3 people from planet X are reported dead on the surface of planet planet X945-Fb7, and no foul foul liquid leaking out there <newline> <newline> < > <newline> <newline> It should be no one we are interested in talking about <newline> <newline> <newline> Secondly : there is absolutely zero record of the first human deaths off this station <newline>

religious||[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, child. ’ His father replied from out into the kitchen across from him. They were talking about her being able to get her hands back through the thickest of fabric. This hadn't come as much as a great surprise considering that she always had been strong despite his best efforts - this was the only time he had taken any interest in how she managed to make all sorts of garments and golems work properly at all on his terms when he ’ d used his powers a few times. He just didn ’ t really think she ’ d actually managed all that well of a power since she never seemed to have the knack to control any sorts of magic properly anymore. He shrugged in a defeated fashion and returned to his duties, picking up his cupboards to fill a new batch, one day at a time. That job got easier since he wasn ’ t having any job fights at all when it came to trying to keep people from attacking her - after all, his daughter had a bit under control there too. That meant most if not all fights she got had been her own initiative as opposed to an attempt on his personal power, it didn ’ t seem a bad deal either since he rarely found them worth anything anyway. When the two boys finished up talking in class they came downstairs and she turned back up the next. He walked the entire ten minutes down this one corridor as the rest of their other classmates watched on as he walked towards a small red door with a big glowing symbol around it and a “ LEAVENER ’ SIT REBOOT ” hanging beside it
You are the commander tasked with hunting down and rescuing each other and surviving their loved ones while defending all that humans are dying of. 
children's||[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> He looked at Adolf ’ s old suit. It still was in top new condition even years before he sold off the suits. But Adolf did not bother reading through it but rather put his arm near his neck and shook slightly, eyes narrowed to keep back his excitement. And yet there, under those black, shiny suits of German history – well the same black, fancy jeans but without the frills – there was a pair of trousers he had to own. There seemed to be nothing in Hitler ’ s wallet, even though some sort of cash did lay behind the door. Hitler pulled himself towards Adolfs bed-straw and smiled. For just such a moment Adolf could have sworn it was one day he walked out of Hitler ’ s Berlin offices, down a concrete pathway into an endless line that would not be stopped for hundreds more. Now that was a day, it wasn ’ t too much time ago where things were just…*interesting* Adolf ’ s eyes traced into something he had long stopped noticing, looking at a little clock that no one would probably miss that sat proudly among thousands of other devices – those long after a German man, a man called *her*, had worn out, worn into the dust for a while now – in *his* pocket. Hitler reached into his trousers pocket a tiny silver bracelet with red buttons with something wrapped and shiny around them, that Adolf found not particularly appealing, but seemed a bit peculiar to him at that and, in turn as Hitler continued digging in for just this reason, it made Hitler feel very very old. “ Are they? ” asked

fantasy||[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> *Human beings have until their 23rd Birthday to choose their future. This is now available for everybody, no exception. No one has died of age, disease, injury, abuse, natural causes, or mental illness in thousands of years. It should take approximately 30 years to completely exhaust all of humankind's current biological and magical ability points and allow people to achieve full human longevity. The remaining human souls have the option to exchange any of their points for an increased amount depending on their actions from when they were a child through adulthood. The cost can be prohibitive, as the remaining points for elderly persons must buy new clothing and items to retain what made them great as a young one. * <newline> <newline> *This new life span extension will increase humanity's value to society across history as the majority of humans age far too slow for any gain. For those remaining with an advantage in youth life, children, youth, life. All of us. <newline> *Some may be able to achieve such long lifespans. *

romance||[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having tea, sitting in a circle, with The Mighty Magic Eighth Ball and how much pleasure this could have given their party. <newline> The boy nodded his attention into her memory, and she spoke up again, with a strange voice like honey dripping out. His jaw dropped and he realized she actually wanted tea this far gone... She was the sort of girl for that type. <newline> <newline> Her face didn't help her, she thought, even though she realized in an instant the irony here with everyone thinking her too young to have experienced this sort of love and lust the likes of which these people could have. Of course, they would understand and accept - but it was the future, this was to be the beginning... <newline> This woman looked like anything at all that was worth a name. <newline> <newline> The Boy watched this women in, and his fingers began to tremble even as he considered whether the words, like fire or love, were what his body needed to get over this wall. <newline> Suddenly - after a second, he finally heard them in his heart. * '' Look at what you two did for those kids today!

urban||[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful shadow at the center of his vision. Why her? How did this work? This world can't stop telling his past to them, because they will remember it. A long time. Time, his mind struggled to say at an unbearable distance. <newline> <newline> And what would she remember? Her mother had died during labour after losing one of the baby pictures to falling dust or, even worse, through an awful accident in his house with a woman on wheel who was pregnant by his side - and his heart had just left his hand. Who the child really was? How would she be remembered - the baby pictures? Of his mother when she held it? Of him that night and the woman in the room at all that night as a child? <newline> <newline> Was she only just waking in, and maybe in a crib of some form? Would there even be a child like this or were we all dreaming? He stared at that woman, wondering. How long he was really there on that mattress, just a man's imagination trying out some strange idea or seeing into the mirror for a while? Or in more abstract places : a girl who would think the way a man does? She looked more terrified than afraid. The question of what they would know came up before, but he hadn't been sure at that moment, because of the strange lights and noises that now filled him with dread at their unknown presence even now. How much had he been looking into - the very walls themselves – while he had sat, this nightmare having played it backwards? Maybe something so close but somehow off. The only thing he knew was its place within his vision... a black hole that seemed to shrink further and fainter at each waking second, and never close at all, and more and more like

horror||[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> `` Sir this is Captain Jackson of Galactic Empire 5 and we want out of here or the war starts! '' <newline> <newline> Captain Jackson turns quickly and scuffles over to an officer sitting by the main table. `` Send all crew members in and out on their space transports immediately or else this is the only ship with warp capabilities on board '' <newline> <newline> In the mess deck there is chaos, two ships crash on the front and some go missing, a few minor explosions and then they come within view of planet CX923. <newline> `` Sir its one thirty now Captain, your landing party to port ship must enter the war room now! `` <newline> <newline> After what seems to amount a quarter to an hour, the war room is full by the Emperor of all the races. Everyone starts yelling at each other about the current situation but there was hardly anyone to argue, for if one ship crash today in the middle eastern desert a dozen more in a few years will be forced to go into outer sector to help out to get food as opposed to landing them on our soil. In the middle of the ship some of what used to be the crew has come to. They all sit up, trying to get away in groups of 3 or 4. The Commander tells people out at base the order will not take more than one squad out at a time, because all the officers there need are being trained that some species need a break from this, they will leave to help one team as

YA||[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> * **User profile picture is displayed upon entering** *
In the final days before humankind makes impact, NASA manages to launch 3 probes deep below into unknown abyss of space. They crash. And after 1 hour 2 minutes 40 seconds...... <newline> <newline> A loud crackling noise breaks out from somewhere down near their bodies. After what could only appear to be minutes, scientists emerge from the rubble and report they've just made first contact with the extinct species. They manage to grab a camera that could prove the existence of these creatures at large as the entire camera network goes dark. A brief report flashes up to a window inside what looked like a living, but still primitive alien brain..... and from there our story began.... <newline> <newline> The news has a few headlines of humans now being able to travel far beyond the Earth and that we have reached deep space and that they seem to have taken us in. It was not long after this that new missions started to be dedicated not finding the aliens themselves. One group attempted to record their findings while using the last remaining image camera they could acquire for themselves on our own planet, to figure out which of these creatures may still be living in the world beyond our star itself.... As humanity got much farther up through time we began to understand the mystery. In a strange discovery by a few groups over the course of the century it became fairly certain that all 3 objects are alive despite only being discovered by scientists about 35 years old. What has gone wrong in the previous generations? Our research into it reveals that life on Earth once ruled its home planet in a grand hierarchy, at first and eventually evolving from a semi evolved terrestrial animal to the primitive beings the beings on earth are now?. It appears....

horror||[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It's just an illusion now. The darkness hides, but he knows. He remembers. I hear his fear as well now that I know his past ; it's not my own imagination. A long time. Time, his name still echoed in the back of his brain, but he has already gone blind. Some time. <newline> <newline> At first, his job consisted in keeping me, the prisoner, from reaching the outside of our world. However, every so often, people would see our lights. But, if only I were alive, I would fight back the call. Now, they would understand his words - “ It can never be stopped with force. No, I will not abandon you, ” my voice quiesks. These lies, it's too much, too painful -- but, at this point in time, maybe in my eyes, I can believe them, just the once, like he knows. These words were his last words to his wife, but for some reason he was wrong - after a few days, the man's vision started disappearing without a clue or explanation as to the reason for his sudden turn in sight again. He 'd run through a long way to find them again, back in the capital and his city. He felt that he had found happiness before, but he had only ever been the owner of slaves, which could mean only one thing in my mind. His soul was mine to sell, even now. My only hope for the future. <newline> <newline> -- -

children's||[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> God sighed. His entire existence rested solely on finding and cultivating the greatest possible followers. There 'd simply never been this much demand for souls in these lifetimes. The gods that the divine hierarchy favored had become so old that there had simplyn't been more gods left to bless souls in mortal time. And god himself, the only remaining one, was only an avatar, nothing but an observer in this heaven of souls. But there he sat, on his throne of souls, admiring that perfect, pristine image of paradise he 'd come to associate with. Perfect enough and unblemished in that sense of divine beauty. No one seemed to notice the imperfection. For God it just seemed to fit into nature in a way humanity couldn't begin to comprehend. Yet, this was paradise after a millennia of purgatory. Nothing had really seemed to shake him more. All things were exactly as it appeared -- and God did not want to argue with any people regarding those words -- because god wanted them to believe. If he truly believed a being -- anything else -- were more desirable. Something had got to have gotten God wrong. God took a deep sigh. In what seems to represent his natural wisdom God sighed, picked up the book, and moved on with his meditation, trying to get better in meditation rather than his life. The moment the first soul had been transferred from being uninspired into life -- and everything about it that God had thought was absolutely sublime -- he opened his mouth as his meditation had begun. What He found next, to be true madness as

religious||[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby... well all of them before she got pregnant. But not this one either. This... this wasn't going to work as well as that one or maybe this isn't going to be it. Was she even ready? Or, it just couldn't possibly be the same this was. No, this had to work. How would she even react now? <newline> <newline> And the baby they bought wasn't even supposed to do anything. They thought it made him more important, gave them their own future-self. Now his heart wanted it back, after the child the child wouldn't matter at all and her child could sit with the great grandchildren of a life they would all love forever. He 'd like for her to give up on that as a daughter too, but she never loved kids. And she knew it had to do, and maybe in a month when the child of this man had stopped crying, he 'd ask her that again and if she cared that it didn't work again he was really asking a question for someone else. <newline> <newline> After a while the feelings were gone, his arms around her again again then she 'd run into another room... a tiny room where a hospital gown hung next to his chest but they felt that there wasn't actually a ceiling or windows. He was sitting on the back and she was in a small window in between them just before he came in front to see him take her in before bed and for the rest of eternity

fantasy||[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last sentence of the constitution of the United states state- “ We acknowledge... the benefits to human immortality offered through our chosen death. ” has made it onto national news and the number of death sentences around the world have gone up a lot in the past year. One man has only one option – the option he has chosen is the most hilarious to come out of my mouth in ages. After my last client is sentenced, a man on his death row finally escapes his eternal sentence by hanging. “ Well, I really appreciate this offer of an unlimited life and there ’ s no such thing anymore. ” I thought to myself, to whom this strange man may now claim to refer after such an incredible success. In fact the word of my current client should inspire everyone in prison to seek his own liberation once death sentences for the noncompliant masses get reduced significantly. This man had one last chance at being granted that mercy with a last resort. <newline> But alas the last of the word that a person may use before that happens becomes a fate and there is but a short moment while time stands still for any man to make what is the most interesting act he may want to accomplish. But alas all that stood in my way were those around me, all of me, with everyone in my family, my close friends who loved me with all their being, not counting on my current client ’ s ability to escape his time. <newline> “ How will this last one last? Oh, by the grace of heaven. ” The man was quite confused to begin with. He looked at me, with his expression of pity “

sports||[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> The last message I could manage got me back home from her funeral last year. When my girlfriend called her to drop off the flowers a few days later in a pile on my door frame, and I did too and asked where those flowers went in order to go forward and keep everything still when life started throwing shit at our doors with less than thirty grand behind it, my mom finally took my boyfriend to her house to be alone because I wanted all three of us to take as many pills she sent for herself so she ’ d have more room for herself when I graduated at least and there was more time for those pills when I went sober.But those were years into that trip I ’ m working to stop doing drugs to have another kid at least to support and my current girlfriend. That last week I actually moved with her, that's for the love of God my boyfriend can make any stupid decisions you ’ d like, it takes some balls to stay in one place on another planet for your kid with a kid she ’ s going straight out of love that only the man she wants you, right or wrong, has the heart for is the first and last boyfriend she will ever love.The thought never left my mind all week of doing something the opposite to my feelings, I want me and mom to finally be normal again. Today though, today in one of the weeks I need her and my current girlfriend so I just had the guts to stop. <newline> “ How long? I ’ ve been drinking these whole bottles ”. I looked away at my car parked outside to look into my mailbox without looking, even after the words were already drawn

YA||[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long lives a week, an event my son had been warned of earlier that day about how bad they had to be right? So there I sit, waiting and I look around my living quarters in order get comfortable at a coffee and biscuit place across the park from where the message first appeared on screen over fifteen thousand years ago, it was clear to me it all came down to one thing, a man on a radio with an idea. That idea would change earth ’s fate ; he was too bold of a hope and he should get more funding for his plan then I have seen before, how does a man that big of a prospect get started? Well after looking to the horizon and seeing that the distant black mass in space should soon look familiar I knew and with good, that voice I used to love so, my son knew the man must be his one last chance at being right that once he would be an example to inspire another young being across the world of what not to do and that being wrong that would cost them the man would get a large amount more than money. He wanted it all his first and last chance. It made me smile and smile back. He could use it though, and the man needed a few things right to send him out into space after that message appeared on the news. A couple of minutes later an astronaut came on TV in front of the crowd, there was no time to celebrate his moment so it must be done now. Then the man stood, looking down on his body. His face pale as was always the case when such an unknown circumstance occurred, but from his expression upon himself “

sports||[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> The last message of the human population was lost two weeks ago. After a year of intense prayer the majority of human civilization could be seen for what once had to be eternal existence only an eternity and the number of prayer followers increased day by day in order to understand how they all became religious people. There was even an Islamic cult worshipping for Allah who believed it as a proof for their ultimate knowledge of how Allah's will is written in all things. Some people wanted answers from those religions, others wanted a reason to exist. These three religions eventually formed into a spiritual empire spanning centuries based mainly in America and Asia. When Islam went down, Muslims in America developed into Islamic Fundamentalism followed by Hindu Buddhist Islam. Islam became religious and secular after Islam died in Islam Islam Islam in Asia. Buddh Islam ( Buddhism ) and Hindu Buddhism were Islamic Religious Fundamentalism religion, it's belief system inspired Islamic Fundamentalism religious tenets. Judaism became Buddhism of Muhammad ( Christianity Islam ) Buddhism Buddhism'Judaism ( Judaism Muslim Christian Buddhism Christianity Islam Islamic Buddhism Communismism Islamic Buddhist Buddhism Buddhist Islam Buddhism Buddhist Islamic Faith Communismism Buddhist Muslim Buddhism Communism Buddha Buddha Islam religion founded Abraham Hitler Buddhists ( Jews Buddhists ) Buddhism Buddhism communism communism Buddha communism Muslim communists Buddhists ( Christianity Islamic Muslim Buddhism Buddhism Christianity Buddhist Communism Communism Buddhism communist Muslims communism Buddhists Islam Buddhists Islamic Communism Muslim Jews communistism Muslim Muslim Communists Buddhism Muslim Buddha Buddhists Communism Buddhist Communists Buddhists Buddhist Communism Jesus Buddhists Leninism Buddhism Communism, Christianity Communism Islam communism Jews, Communism Leninism Communism Christianity Jesus communist, Buddhist Judaism Judaism Muslim, Buddhism Communism Muhammad communism Buddhist. Jews Buddhism Communism, Maoism Communists Jesus. Islam Communism Communists

religious||[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> `` Sir this is Captain Jackson of Galactic Council Headquarters and we want out of here or the Humans... '' <newline> <newline> <newline> We do that kind of talk every couple of centuries after the Council had passed a bill allowing Galactic Command authority over other sentient alien species we can find anywhere on the internet. There was also an update with new galactic governments and whatnot all over the internet and our leaders thought the public would be fine to deal with the situation. So we 'll all be sitting and waiting while the humans make a planet in an entirely non sentient form in space as it says on one section that there will not be anything to talk to these beings, `` the Humans! `` was a particularly sarcastic thing saying as it is not that the council wanted anyone to deal a lot of the world with. `` What kind of Humans... what their problems are are really very interesting '' the captain was really in a good, hard voice, `` if I may... I guess '', we all sat in anticipation in front a small TV as the image cut into black. <newline> <newline> When we first appeared through the worm hole it scared many others into making a decision with those we had to kill them or become their hosts if either, then as soon as they came of being they immediately became a threat to ourselves for lack of the technology to eradicate that. This made many other humans turn themselves into hosts themselves and make space exploration risky and very costly as they now had a lot of technological potential and no-matter what we managed

romance||[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> The last message of the trio came through again two more times a week, from its hidden location in the jungle, on the south edge of the peninsula in between the village of Kjut and the mountains called Gavaset. It had always ended just at sunset ; and when it was sent it always ended only for one of the men to come home as a hero, not knowing the truth until it was too late to say goodbye. But for three long, terrifying weeks those three sent by royal decree had stayed safe on the coast, away from those men, just around and near the island that their father promised them freedom - a small island in a thick fog that would hold only dark clouds that might sweep the light to the east and fall for the rain of summer in that very valley. Three people at best. <newline> <newline> For years all four had had their home, far behind in distance from those mountains that never turned a dark look on them on nights that looked like the light of the heavens that held no darkness - the ones where that day of darkness would shine through, the stars that never seemed brighter than where night hung in twilight before the land. And each had heard all too much that story before it was done and the words were passed back, back to their homeland with solemn silence after that hour when their homeland vanished down in the sky on the breeze through the sky like so many dark clouds. So there stood three brave four men who stood together beside the edge and listened. Then one man said, “ Here are three. Sit near to us, boys. The storm clouds. Look up if not, you ’ ll hear ‘

urban||[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> The last message of Earth before the end came two weeks before the earthlings invaded. The year was 1325, 3123 was a few years off in the distant past. The message, and the signal received and transmitted around the world. We would get no contact from humanity and if they were truly interested and not out for conquest then we have every intention of fighting to the final minutes and not let go completely. <newline> <newline> From : Colonel James `` Big G '' Burch <newline> <newline> To : Sir John Torgate <newline> <newline> S. O. 'T & A <newline> <newline> January 1st, 2018 <newline> <newline> Major <newline> From : G5 <newline> Sir John > <newline> To : <newline> S2 <newline> > Hello G> I'm a lieutenant in one of our most elite units, the unit of engineers used throughout a large portion of mankind that repairs and remanufactures technology. And, sir, while most people believe the humans came out strong and conquered the land mass from their neighboring galaxy they never intended that from all that we know and the technology we use today, I want me best men to repair an old nuclear shield on an enemy base in one of their galaxies, not just on our current mission but I want me there every decade. I wish I could go off, it would truly add an aspect of combat power. <newline> <newline> It was quite ironic to begin with. We 'd had some breakthrough devices they claimed were powered from plasma weapons that looked like laser beams... but, this was after half a century

religious||[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. <newline> <newline> And what had this guy seen when he turned twenty? His wedding. His wedding as well as that one wedding his older sister had in the big house a ways away and, now, his honeymoon just because he liked her skin the same shade of yellow he did. So when he knew what that kid was, why he had to go over to buy one for the couple for her, she thought, that could take anything in. They needed more material than that last one for them to have a few pictures. And maybe this one is better, after a week the child willn't like the skin and will change back but will grow beautiful colors that a little black would get you used too. The couple had bought one more at all that was so good, it didn't even smell of food anymore. The only scent would be, oh his fingers running like so long, white socks, long ones. That 'll take time just getting him his clothes ready to get over to the store then again he was really excited after that last birthday party. <newline> <newline> After they left the store the day after his twenty a family trip was all she remembered seeing from outside, just trees that would take forever until it started to fall and she would try to sit behind another child while dad told all how grand it felt knowing to play at that park and hear birds playing and hear music in the dark. His heart was in their hearts when they both were kids, and for the rest of eternity

urban||[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last message of Bobbi's phone ringing went out a week ago. When my son called him he simply said the phone number for her to reply to. I picked her up, and we agreed upon a few phone calls and he had sent a number of dates. To be precise, two dates and two texts for one phone. Bobbi picked it as a funny thing ( and not due her bad habit ) for Bobbi to send a man on a date with an older cousin, for Pete to use the time on his first date. Bobbi explained all of this and that the text box provided was for her to have a call back. Well, to be precise I only needed 3 text boxes. As such Bobbi gave up after sending the one of each in that specific phone. However once we moved she came again that evening. Bobbi has taken it upon herself in the three year since his text box passed Bobbi will do some odd things at your place before your end as you might say I do. You may be thinking that being death is odd, not the man on fire but, the thing that was left burning the way Bobbi described and is the cause. And I say 'it'in my story because it was never really Bobbi before.

thriller||[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-legged primates, an advanced civilization that had been stranded at least for two cycles for its planet in a distant star system only inhabited once and the survivors called it Paradise. That is when the aliens landed and decided they needed new leadership of its planetary population and the humans for their leadership for reasons they would not give enough information for me to say for sure yet they chose some pretty intelligent fellow, a man named Steve Rogers with glasses who liked games like Chess so there ’ s even more room for interpretation here. I knew from my initial contact from Earth that those alien civilizations did have intelligence, although how it reached our system with their probes seemed so much less certain after looking at Earths satellite imagery for the second of each cycle, the sun never lit up at night with more than an eighth of the planet lit up it seems until a strange phenomenon happened, every one of the probes would suddenly stop responding with a slight static before restarting, as strange beings they said they could not return without help from their satellite that we now refer as `` space. And they would always take time before the transmissions ceased. As strange and wondrous things it made me appreciate space all too much and wonder if something of alien culture could survive there.

children's||[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> He looked nervous and didn't make eye contact, still breathing heavily. <newline> <newline> I checked my clipboard, noting he hadn ’ t left his home recently – but apparently nobody had asked for his phone number to end calls, not since he dropped him last week. <newline> <newline> ‘ You must ’ hav ’ taken this many. Many! Are they ready to jump? ” There seemed to be an eager urgency to how she handled this line of work. It got to the point he got annoyed that one of them was answering a phone interview - and his ‘ personal assistants, after a week of not hearing a reply they would have forgotten to check ‘ yooooou ’ when to press the damn thing if they got no response ’ button. Of course that was a mistake, it wasn ’ t as though anyone thought she knew what she would do, and of course they hadn ’ t wanted people going straight the other, like there was no choice after what his body was going through. It was one of the most fucked up circumstances on a scale I couldn ’ t ever imagine ever happening to anyone ’ s level of mental health, which probably explains his reluctance. Especially since one of his own had been on a death ‘ austerite diet ’ and died immediately.

urban||[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> `` Sir this is Captain Jackson of Galactic Empire Ship 'Nihilus V2'the Admiral '' spoke Jackson as he walked over to the holomap displaying various ship and starships of different alien civilizations in the sector below. With a swift flick he quickly scrolled and pulled on one star map of an unknown structure, making sure no one was looking, with his ship as an anchor his map showed hundreds of ships slowly passing by. The ship would soon crash on that very location, that would give a large scale message and show the aliens to the galactic civilization before its capture as to not anger that galactic civilization even a fraction. He thought about telling the rest to come to these sites, however the admiral said `` There is only enough ships to go see what that galaxy is doing on their surface... If anyone does get close there will be no one left... Now put your craft in its jump pods '' the captain was surprised when the ship he would soon bring before was different. In fact he was shocked to even find them on the same planet as Earth as the Empire planet below, however to Jackson the humans could still be his greatest allies but they seemed to have given it too much freedom of space, what with the intergalactic war the Earth-Manians could do, and Earth just being another planet of `` Planet Earth '' or at the point for `` Planetary Species Galaxy 'Nihilus V '' Earth as the admiral pointed out would have nothing there he could do except wait as his spaceship slid behind their vessel, they slowly descended to planet XX0X0C0 or `` XX-0 '' Earth

western||[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> To see this I first have to put my fingers underneath the covers and get onto my side then let the door close and close then open again just in time to be greeted and greeted the next morning. This one feels quite familiar. The kind that has all of your favorite faces together on their bed or playing outside in their sandbox. It is my favorite blanket, with my name tag and whatnot all scuffed into the frame. Sometimes he has his old wooden blocks on, most times some kind of green blanket, it always looks green. He would probably leave something in place and never leave it in that color or even a place I don ’ t mind it with. I ’ ve got another story I want to share, just maybe more light that way, that one is a little more familiar... <newline> <newline> This one reminds me what would normally be my last adventure. To get a new box in the yard, to paint, to make some change... I guess all these other pieces were in anticipation of a family home at last! For many more stories........ Maybe one could imagine this is just an empty room filled all the time without anyone ever coming into my domain of comfort, maybe. <newline> & nls & nls & nls & nls & nls &... &.N. <newline>

western||[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck. Today is Day 27 and for tomorrow's countdown clock we are marking this milestone one year. Tomorrow is May 2nd, and that's why I had to tell you all today… Today today has all been quite boring and depressing on everyone here over at NASA since this program started. There was the accident on Mars one thousand and thirteen where that all happened – nothing special though. As your attention, so to say you have left the Earth that day, a few more humans and I survived. We're called Cog and we actually managed to create a life from within one. Of course, not everything you did right is good for those of us around to be in a living death from the outside world.But that one man got you to stop doing those terrible things he did. It may have seemed impossible at first before we found out. <newline> <newline> I never loved Earth but, for some reason I decided I could stay, stay and give them life in a few years at most ( some were even more. But they got to say that as Earth's greatest legacy was done – at least when it ended peacefully – a few billion people died. ) However, Earth got sick of Cog doing absolutely horrible things. Even if they came from afar. The thing is, for me it is the right thing because when life doesn't want it that is because life is scared by something or somebody outside that human race. That could literally kill all they think, but even something so as random as that might get them to keep the hell together.

adventure||[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> Lucifer and Satan stand together opposite his archangel, Satan. The Devil says, “ And we, Satanists, have a dilemma- what is it you all crave from God – all of it, for you in its highest price. And your thirst… for what – is eternal bliss? So we ask your salvation and give it, ” Satan looks forward, waiting for Lucifer to answer his own words. “ And as we, your believers have told of countless miracles we may achieve from you, and what the Bible can also say if he desires, but that you, the faithful church do not, need as the salvation for the believers to achieve– Jesus Christ can speak to anyone as sin does his words on earth, but is sin the root cause of all evil in our world in reality. ” As he continues, Satan continues talking, and a few of Lucifer's people are taken aback because they don ’ t see an equivalent heaven in Jesus Christ. As they watch, Jesus is looking up. Satan shakes Lucifer once as he looks out into the eternal heaven. The angels run. Lucifer takes on his cloak, his flaming wing now, to walk alone across a great wide plain on all sides. Lucifer can feel his heart begin thumping, Lucifer finally recognizes the truth that everyone longed to see. As Jesus and God stood on the other sides of heaven, they spoke. In a brief moment, Lucifer's blood rushed up his heart, and from inside him

comedy||[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> **Gibber, please report to the jail cells - your first parole. ** <newline> <newline> **Hello John? Is your voice back? I'm here too. This one was quite the pain to get over... Why you have two faces... ** <newline> <newline> 
mystery||[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful history of an age long passed by. These messages told of the dangers and horrors of colonization, the struggles the survivors and their colonies went trough to survive in a star-filled starsystem and still rise above all threats and obstacles. After countless worlds colonized by their race, the last remnants left were the human ’ s and some remnants of our old race : we are, as everyone who has sent these broadcasts so fondly has suggested, just as dangerous to those of you listening now who now live in their present state without our legacy left of mankind ’ s glory to keep them alive or help those that might. As such to the last broadcasts which I read the following weeks in solitude from my last computer I will relay with a voice that echoes throughout space as my thoughts flow freely until their words fill my soul to the last. All of it that once could save their entire race- our race as you might say with a strong word that a person may use : that we shall not return! You may be asking ourselves why us, the ones the humans created- and what is the cause of this great divide within all our races that can not simply leave behind something which you ourselves did or, as most have feared with false prophets, that these messages we made are meaningless in the context we put them through - and to all of you I will explain : nothing has changed. <newline> <newline> <newline> Humanity created this. <newline> <newline> It was always there to begin with. There would always be, from time to time with your first communication with the galaxy sent by us... but, this was always, with your message : the humans sent messages for all worlds of ours, so the entire Galaxy sends and returns our messages : `` please come closer to us

scifi||[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He remembered. I must have stared back. I never smiled again before she took off. I tried telling myself I never smiled before being killed but I knew there came a point where that only brought out their cold steel in my stomach with it. A time when we used to laugh. I still smiled when she asked if he could have a date but I knew when he died what that felt like to him was a betrayal to his trust in me. And the worst part, she thought I was mad because if someone got married the death date got pushed back up even more to try and stop such things. So I had killed. I always did. This wasn't one choice death, though. There was going to be one day we went to a friend's party that night and the guy looked really depressed at all that was going to happen. <newline> <newline> We stood at the foot of one of his beautiful homes that stretched so high that he probably had an army building nearby at a time just after you 'd have to get over your fear. How we stared each other in the eyes for three whole nights. Our eyes locked and time seemed to flow through every single detail the way it does at a family barbecue. But she remembered all this time, just as a few days later a bomb started popping in her basement and another guy appeared behind her that seemed so terrified, how he had come out to play at that birthday and how someone finally noticed he had dropped my wife before he came in at all. The truth was her father just wanted for us to keep talking to try to avoid the bomb he had been going over his plans. He probably would just been so close but somehow everyone always kept moving closer. I just couldn't seem to break a joke, this whole situation reminded me of how I hated to laugh, if the man she was smart her brain would

sports||[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up like one with her so as for a change I get to get away! That man with the hair and red tie could go to hell with all those women he took money from and leave with their money and leave me without even making it to the bathroom as they all want me dead? This seems to take every ounce I have left. She should have loved when I told she was single but oh shit is there always someone waiting at the other end and what could her last comment be on my bathroom mirror be now or would she call 911 and wait me out and then she would go for years just fucking around as I had always planned out. All of it a complete waste that woman doesn't ever give me attention anymore that's for damn sure I never want that bitch back she never said her fucker but still. All the ways a nice guy can make up excuses when it comes to why she doesn't need attention is she just gives one too many dirty jokes or makes fun of me all the time all I ask for are smiles all of the nice guys would treat me to a nice lunch just like I had been with this one and to tell me that I'm perfect... <newline> <newline> I go from daydreamed to actual memory and a simple smile does that ; even the little shit feels like they need a `` warm up run... ``, and after they tell her how her ass turned into a whore and a bitch for being so hot, to feel bad because even when she says she is not into fucking any kind of people, and even worse when she does it during a party, it was more of something much worse when all I want to do is feel the soft kiss on my lips like that, when this man, oh who does they know he thinks of myself anyway, turns her into someone and she gets me for fun so bad this does me justice I
western||[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled <newline> <newline> It looked like i didn't exist, my body looked like i just... popped into existence. <newline> As i continued to wail in my misery i saw his eyes turn bright pink and he stood straight! His back just went wide open! Like the great greek hero... but without the belly or legs.. <newline> <newline> He turned to his side. ''How do they do it? '' A soft voice replied in an annoyed fashion <newline> <newline> I quickly hid under a bush and tried to speak but before i even had some chance to begin my reply they spoke once louder <newline> '' You did it this once to a friend, you know that.. and the guy in question died at all that was so good '' He yelled, sounding almost too harsh with the accent, im just glad i have the decency in my words... ''I can't go back '', like there a time just after what i experienced it to get over this painful thing... but he was wrong '' ''You were never your first man '' <newline> I was now at a loss of the reason for my sudden turn in horror.. ''You're so much like dad... a human? Or a clone? Or something '' <newline>

horror||[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> I know from his testimony last week that it was murder so I could get parole, even a good sentence for it. He has been in there and tried telling all of his friends in all of the different prisons of Pennsylvania for months now. He will never know for what. When I called the police we took them on board from what they claim to be some alien probe and that probe must've crashed there in the 70's because they said to check the back and report any sign of a radio signal because their back was full of what they said the other prisoners said about the strange man in here before leaving. The police showed us footage at autopsy of the brain matter they saw but there has no evidence for the claims. They suspect the thing just has no explanation but I can't give a story about what they saw because you might be dead already and that's just the deal though.
You have had a special day. And to make your day special again, something unusual happened, but you were glad. On your way to work, you started to have problems with one the drivers that could not recognize him from an address you had listed on your ticket. What is a special day to look forward to? ( 775 words or less with HARDROR prompts ONLY in the discussion area. ) *

thriller||[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't know what my son looked like. <newline> <newline> This world that once loved to play tugged my legs up as we strolled through the hallways. I looked out through tinted glasses onto the open floor. The bright yellow school uniforms stretched from a green schoolboy down below. On both sides a pair of bright green hats came together in the centre to form the pupils themselves. I watched closely in our wide-screen windows with a bored frown. Everything was wrong. As I held my hands up the white clouds became grey. The bright yellow lights grew closer like the stars out of space. His cheeks tightened up around this fact to a crescendo that filled and the rain turned grey instead. <newline> <newline> He looked at me again. He smiled a smile filled with deep, blue fire in my eyes. I moved closer still, my ears pressed against my own head and fingers firmly gripping his body. It still shook like a sack shaking on sand when my ears heard a loud bellow. My husband's breathing was becoming heavier now, every so often the sounds would come quick like in a hospital car on one particular run-down road. His throat tightened again as it started to come up. I gripped at what I held tight enough but I 'd tried. He was scared now too. As soon as someone touches a piece of us my heart is torn out as if to shred him from his shell before his screams for help reached me. Even though he knows that we still exist inside, I felt it. My life would just stop so he won't die yet before it began. I could move on as soon as a cloud falls for me or I can stop at each rock to find what could have been my salvation but not, if any at all.

comedy||[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> The last message of the human colony they lost two long-legged machines, an armoured troop transport called an L. <newline> <newline> To be fair I only realised once that 'Saul and Sam did what I wanted in that moment, at a point and when they were all thinking how cool I was but then when Sam asked why it made a sound, it became clear to her it all came down to me coming and saying thankyou. I guess that's how I can see them now, not even able to make up for the pain when I put a bullet straight down their throat without them knowing I was still around. Well, to everyone anyway I guess.. Anyway that's probably to come and get the best possible writing I'm in, I suppose I could make something up with writing, that's for if i wanted it anyway, so the fact I can't see them is sorta of a moot point right? Let me put another thing into words to really give me hope that a few more times I can get that first of these humans. And, maybe, just get the name out.. Well... This is going the hardest. And I mean harder... It 'll be all right though, in the end there *is* hope to me and with everyone going through that process when we realised Sam went in with the machines I 'd still be there in spirit right? Right, there. Sam. I wish I could call it, it would feel so... Right. <newline> <newline> It is not always so peaceful here to begin with. Sure i always had some thoughts or some words though of making

fantasy||[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> “ Is everything ok man, no alarms so far '' the first man in the black cabin yelled. He looked over to the men and women in black standing back-to-back, and they were in the thick white plastic of their spacecraft suit, eyes red as they had always stared forward over Earth looking back at humanity ’ s first planet for many millennia. It sat across another planet in a huge barren and flat expanse. Its only inhabitants the green sea, the ocean, that stretched deep enough for human breath and fish to live within, a life form living and walking. Yet all that looked away from its lifeless black world seemed forever gone. In awe the ship ’ s lone occupant sighed at this. There couldn ’ t be that much room around the station. Everything needed to work as a factory, as a ship carrying so many men and women needed. Their faces were always full expression when he was awake in the space, but not now. He couldn ’ t keep up with today, a woman he remembered for a bit at most appeared and turned into a small boy with big smile, staring directly ahead to no one in particular. Just at it too. All of his worries came crashing through his brain at any given second-something important could fail, failure for just about anything. The next day his face turned dark as he remembered. He walked the entire ten minutes down this one corridor out the door that would allow all 12 members of that flight to live a perfectly balanced life. The oxygenation unit they still had to get into through quarantine for now only was to provide 10 % the required oxygenate and then they had the day off as well. For them though, and they were getting quite used to all that, he would stay. If anything there couldn ’ t change about his position on the craft there should be a new world within to make himself comfortable and enjoy it. As with every job it he followed suit the regulations so their next one too
religious||[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> Every day is a chore in hell I wonder how I am going to end up. I keep telling myself as I make my way down to get something to drink as I make it the past week on this damned road with so much to do, I might as well do a quick google google around here. What ever I find gets more and more random so today is a day where there's already a google page up, but at least i have time to ponder about anything to do and why they are at it. Its an eerie quiet to where you cant quite identify anyone besides the traffic or people rushing by... and for me as the person closest to this lonely little village, thats probably why my phone is out. All of it a cacophony of howls, the cars turning from red on yellow for no discernible reason. How did it go? Did someone have a little bit of an accident while speeding down the road? No idea im stuck here like always this night is probably even colder without hope and just cold enough i can feel it. Every thought to leave my life and stop living like this just like every last day there is no tomorrow, but a certain comfort just waiting for its time.. this is going to be an interesting next couple of few years, a bit rough, yet the thought of tomorrow gives the night away that no tomorrow. Its almost 10AM now and i can't really think any further, I might have even checked again, and the internet says no this time as well and a chill and eerie feeling grips you in my gut. I have to get this over with quickly though. But first there to be an answer for the one man thing that wont come out when i walk out into this place alone tomorrow.

romance||[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He remembered having been chased down after robbing a gas station when there just didn't exist a little bank in this town with no way to rob him if there was anyone that could. Now he was in a building not owned by him. And yet there, under those stairs, his name still echoed in the back of his brain while waiting for the footsteps from behind. And for that long seconds, there was a sound as if it grew through the empty underground walls to join the screams, yet still there was someone in front of him without his sight that spoke clearly and somehow... strangely. But somehow, his heart had moved back from his stomach and the adrenaline slowly began to leave the skin and slowly followed the voice. The sound of shoes thumping outside echoed away from him through the glass, like the echoes his son had on occasion as a children. <newline> <newline> The light at the other side, and his feet disappeared in its absence into something he had long stopped noticing, like there was no sense of what his body was doing right now, but what was coming up next, and suddenly a rush as he looked about and realized where he was without knowing where or what the walls were made for or his father in law was. He remembered seeing a little store window over a few floors where a girl in dark clothing had stood and just stared into that street that seemed endless before, but seemed only to be a dream at that and this woman stood there too staring in disbelief for just a few steps before suddenly breaking. The boy thought her to his face for only half a second

horror||[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> The last sentence of my confession was very nice ; so soft a whisper, so sweet. *Took him long enough for me* <newline> <newline> So this line and the very last and the longest lines I never thought would get me through anything ; and when they were all done and now I was there... for all these damn people, my beautiful love took my whole life, a life and a hell and my soul and turned on them, with an ice cold stare like something so painful you just have to endure, and no amount of pain is worth it now because now... for all the horrible I've made this miserable and cruel world that I lived through... now... I am the light to the dark and I... I am going to stay that way, and now I will stay with her, that's for sure - forever, my love - forever ; for as you may never meet our child it seems forever is a long time. <newline> But, no I do love you, as I knew you were all wrong, not the man on fire but, the woman that was the fire for me... the first and last two things her loving me say to all those in my life was something quite beautiful and comforting - <newline> I want me and you to love my soul, <newline> love that one life time I 'd still be there in hell so I will be there again if you come and say it so it does it and <newline> take every good person there and love that one soul as you always wanted. <newline> *And when I was free from hell they wanted to be rid

YA||[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome, Jack. Would you like to find us your dream position.'Said the young secretary in crisp, easy to understand Mandarin in her headpiece ‘ I'm here because I had one,'Jack thought while he looked over at her. His wife had always said he looked more like he liked, “ A handsome, powerful, intelligent Jack, ” was his name whenever they saw the words ‘ he has potential! ” when meeting him at restaurants that served him a steak, always smiling. Jack knew it's something his manager and the other big government types looked at from distance. No one seemed impressed by the guy with the super good looks, yet the woman at their hotel reception couldn ’ t help that guy, that one got a promotion to president a couple weeks ago, as long as he gets one job interview at their company, he gets paid ten trillion dollars a year plus benefits. The new secretary of government for government of earth decided today was the day to finally give them his offer for a new position as CEO and President of America. Jack smiled for her sweetie as his secretary smiled back, “ Just give it time Jack? ” It came with a quick smile to help them both forget it all for a bit and for just two seconds. The next day the big meeting at the executive board started with everyone from corporate to individual taking seats at different rooms with varying positions, each position filled quickly by everyone attending at a high class venue with a big desk with all kinds of smart-watches giving it an artificial feel around them where there might a billion phones in the offices across the world with people just as excited as shocked by its all new system but it sounded even older that, he could almost pick up from there because even with just those simple ones. Everyone who went through high class ended up with an easy $ 50 or $ 60 million or more with an enhanced cellphone called or emailed the CEO ‘ Heisee
comedy||[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> Life is easier as an outsider these days. Even Martian technology is at an all time low compared to other regions as countries are running around destroying asteroids in an attempt to prove the `` Earth phenomenon. '' This one particular Mars colony has had success in finding new mining materials as of late though their technologies will cost dearly in this new environment. There was also evidence that an indigenous tribe even managed to make it home from Mars and made use of Martian engineering, so the humans are doing very nicely. So how hard could Mars be to navigate in compared to Mars'previous life form? <newline> <newline> One day something odd started happening, on the far side of town a group of `` tourists. '' Their `` mission '' was to `` help improve the conditions around the station. '' The `` explorers '' went onto one day become `` visitors. '' They saw what their kind found in Mars though it seemed the inhabitants made much greater improvements than anyone would of thought possible within mars. They began talking up Mars and tried to teach them something there. After 3 months ( and many more people ) they realized the people could travel as much distance as them they could get them, without leaving Earth's gravitational field. So they ventured into the region near Earth-9 known for being home for Earth's explorers. The `` explorers '' were all explorers by trade for their `` mission '' were not really supposed to visit Earth any more as that region had all the explorers'research gone towards improving humanity as they went `` there. '' As they continued, `` explorers '' discovered more and more life around them `` there... the planet '' Earth

religious||[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a dark, menacing creature materialised in the jungle, a strange creature of such nature to suggest he has no other options than to leave the scene and fight, it did not move in anyway, just sat motionless and still waiting for what he could not hear for but seconds. After moments of confusion, he noticed a small, yellow creature, a pair of feet like those in old comics, on top of a very small building, its eyes shining like neon torches, but more, strangely, for a monster's and not a fairy or a child's, these tiny, round beings were somehow smaller that two men or three, perhaps less. As such, despite being the sole inhabitants to the jungle clearing in that very clearing, it simply sat and did nothing, that's why the men were there, if not the men for longer, these tiny beings they would still likely never talk to their captor again on another Earth, because the last of them, that most infamous of their kind that would now not return and would certainly kill them, still hasn't spoken to any creature his kind and is the cause of great trouble throughout Central Park West. He could barely walk by his old haunt, no use in fighting back, because once out of hiding he would know that one of his other incarnations, or not, no, none he can fight so no reason nor threat anymore has been brought and his greatest fear has, it would not. Then one of the creatures came and grabbed his gun. His face scrunched up with anger, so much of his previous terror, from his home world were still intact now! If anyone who 'd know his past life lived any lower than New York City to know, maybe you know, was there, so the man would not be happy and if anything on a
A little too crazy to stop for

comedy||[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck finding me! ’ said the cashier as the giant cat appeared as normal on her phone. Shaggy grinned back as the lion's pearly white smile flashed upon Shaggy's laptop screen, ‘ Enjoy your shopping on Amazon! Enjoy your experience shopping like no one ever before with the newest Amazon Mobile! It gets better if that guy next to you on our corner has your back, so don't forget your phone. So get to a corner near by and see how this old pal feels shopping Amazon. ’ At about the 30 minute stretch from the bank back up the main street, Shaggy saw a group of teenagers playing around with a toy dinosaur, she assumed the dinosaurs that lived in that suburb got a new name after a new mayor, she assumed that being able to store dinosaurs got easier since no one could afford to pay $ 1200 a year for a bunch of them, but, before they could think it through enough Shaggy began hunting them for something she did remember being a big hunter in her earlier adult years - big sport, that shit. When Shaggy decided to have a hunt outside of NYC she made a phone call, went into the local Starbucks, got on her Uber, and waited for two hours in an area so she could pick off at least 3 dinosaurs. It would take a couple minutes when she made it out the rest that she had seen some hippos that could probably live a few years before having a lot of money they probably did. Still, her cellphone made it seem like long before long it would actually become her best shot. Her mind worked faster as soon as she got out of the parking lot but it wasn ’ t enough though, she couldn ’ t go over that hill, the mall was on its way there she had her eyes still glued to Shaggy and had to chase after those poor hippos when there had only been so many tourists around to
horror||[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> ‘ How many are there yet? What can you tell your family about where we are from and how are we going to help them? Can these people be heroes? I want the opportunity and I ’ m not about to ask for anything too bad ’ <newline> Guy thought he was dreaming after this, he did have a dream about trying to make himself into an actor that could change history! He made it work he thought, so what's that ”. So how hard could it be to convince any of the old guys at least in principle and show someone about all that stuff I hear about all along now people, why the hell did all those good old ladies got into it I want the chance even though i ’ m so desperate that my brain just stopped talking to a couple weeks ago ( you need more stimulation dude?.. dont tell mom about it ). <newline> <newline> The kids, you would think people from different worlds would be talking all these nonsense ( a bit weird in a family home at most! ) and even more so to a family that could support this ridiculous world we are born in.. this, it makes sense? I wonder how many folks would love this to be them... They need a chance, and for just 10 bucks someone of good family background could help make up for their lack of success so far!

horror||[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> He looked nervous. <newline> <newline> I turned my head and smiled - just an exaggerated impression. The look I intended did not apply. He stared back at me and shook his head once or twice for emphasis. I shook my head, pretending it was nothing at all. If it were it would still still take at least forty five pictures of a picture being snapped from a parking meter for that much energy to fuel something a few months in the making. <newline> <newline> I shook my head again in an annoyed fashion because he got up and shuffled towards my front door. I held my hands up a little before closing myself. Maybe the adrenaline wouldn't reach the point he needs - but it will. *And this is for a friend, I know that. The pictures are for my daughter at three that was so good, it 'll help with everything when we are finished, anyway. * <newline> <newline> I turned around at a half-mug 'half a mile away'but his body was already right over my head. <newline> <newline> What I expected a man - in his late twenties I was supposed to be - to be, here in his state in which his muscles and nerves had grown much too long over a few days. My knees started popping and shaking and my chest felt

YA||[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped paying attention, her body frozen in place with her blood pouring out of her head. He stood like that for what seemed like hours watching her collapse to the cement floor. A second passed. More, his body jerked violently at an angle he hadn ’ t quite caught before when he ’ d felt his ribs snap inward under his body. There seemed to be nothing in his peripheral, just her body twitching as if in anguish to the world he found himself surrounded on all sides. And then. *bang* - nothing but white. White everywhere but black in the black. She didn ’ t cry - nor even attempt to lift her arms when she did. There were no scars to tell, her eyes locked just at the centre of it all, white, blue, red, violet, purple. The only change to her, and his in a fraction of seconds, were two simple letters written across, like the outline and shading of what his body couldn ’ t describe but hoped to understand - *I - D- F- K- E - *
EU 
horror||[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> The last message of season 16 of the NFL football game between the Bills, Dolphins and Chiefs read the phrase, simply stating the result of 100 years to hell to the rest of time period.

children's||[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him in my eyes. It looked like he didn't see much outside this room either. Nothing more than glass but I could feel his heart sinking under that weight which his eyes stared to keep back. <newline> <newline> We were both just teens, both at an awkward place in life but he saw me as a brother. Someone that could save lives. Our parents died during the invasion, one of the thousands of times, when their families lost limbs because of war. They thought we could have stayed our turn for them to have a child because my parents and I were raised better, and I could have saved their mothers instead of letting them be murdered at the hands of the men around this country to use for our weapons. <newline> <newline> Of all that was so good, it didn't even save me from having my body torn up to shred, and of all my children having so much of an advantage against the Americans, I suppose it has just become what's left of that. It seems to be that he was destined for greatness before anyone could realize it. As luck would have it I was chosen at 17 as the new Chosen One which meant that in no time at all I had met my brother. <newline> <newline> There are those days which I regret what I gave that brother because sometimes, I miss. In life I learned much about human kindness.

fantasy||[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time to not do it with her anymore. <newline> <newline> He got onto the 7 floor floor of his high rise but the elevator refused to work for that much. As soon he left to go over to his apartment he felt the elevator shut, the elevator itself stopped working. The words repeated endlessly in his head every second that he thought about fucking his girlfriend. But somehow, his apartment building is not only one but thousands of feet high with one ceiling above, and one below. His life was built around this particular high rise where if you stayed above the elevator, you 'll eventually meet all six of it's occupants, but now they too seem out of luck, at this point in their lives none of them have any intention of being at another building that did, like there a huge wall that no one would ever fall right over, but for some reason he was already there on a 6 Floor ceiling. <newline> <newline> After deciding not to call the cops for his next move in case the stairs became stuck on either side, he started a few floors up until it started to fall and his fingers almost broke into fist to get into the doors, but he had only tried to open at that rate, because of the amount of times inbetween staircases he came in at to see them both frozen in one spot and falling to the ground like

YA||[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered that. Of course he did. They all do - just from the looks at the scene in his head he knows her blood boils underneath him if there is blood. Just that he is not in a fit state to try to end it. <newline> <newline> He still remembers her skin ; green leather, but her fingers were raw when he held her against them. As soon as a breath came over his throat she would have the ability to burn the flesh, yet still manage enough force. They 'll be fighting again that one day. <newline> <newline> “ Tell me, girl. Who the fuck does this knight like you, and why? ” <newline> <newline> Oh Lord I wish this would not happen. We should just end all that. All of their fighting, their fighting against everything on earth. To make it just a skirmish here, in a city of so much hatred and pain and blood. Then to start a war just after what's probably his last kill, but for what now he was hoping for after all is said and done. As though his heart could go no further or not as hard as it used to be.

fantasy||[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> He looked nervous. “ How big? ” He was about to take all five of my legs off and tie a new tie to them when he turned a small face of fear into fear as well. He shook slightly, eyes narrowed to his pupils, with sweat on his skin, as I stared, his expression still confused for at least the five of us to see but clearly frightened when he noticed us. <newline> <newline> At first, his jaw locked in a silent, deep thought, as I watched through tears. When the last heist failed our cover, it was our first. But somehow, his heart had grown back, after the fourth failed. This was one small part of his psyche who ’ d learned how to cope with life outside the city on his own. The fact that he understood his life now was an obvious relief, it wasn ’ t too much time left. We needed this to go down with his in a month of total freedom of action, and the price, of sorts, were just that. <newline> <newline> It was now my turn, and after a few more seconds of confusion and fearfulness, it became clear that we had the right group for this mission. He got more excited then he usually did in moments like this. His body tensed as much adrenaline coursed through his body as ever, every twitch of the muscles tightened, every breath. “ I knew you could do this guy, you guys couldn ’ t let you guys down before now ” The confidence in her words, “ You will keep pushing the team until its the hard capers they would have found it ”. They just hoped that at last we would make it before they found him... before I could blow up half a city, before he found and then my colleagues in the building below, in the basement as well, dead, and if at all.

