[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> Buzz woke up with a gasp of panic as his bedroom door jamb opened. When he sat up, he saw a blue figure standing on his other side, staring right at him, unmoving. 'Jesus christ, it's been a while, do I ever remember? It feels wrong having some cosmic asshole to guide me through life. He must know, he must love me, must have, he must be some kind of divine, supreme man on top of the universe. Did I go insane, no? I haven't really done much for most...'The blue man reached into his jacket, producing a small book of his notes. He reached into his breast pocket only before shaking the man awake, looking down at his hands shaking for the second time. 'Oh, okay then, I'm just fine,'as he said to himself, sitting up, adjusting the straps around his feet, trying not to look too surprised. At a slight pace, before beginning another search for words to write off as bad, a large box materialized out of the closet of the small white dorm room. With the first object appearing out of the box, he got the first clear understanding he had of all things. He immediately knew something was missing in the ship, something was, or was- missing out, somehow, on its voyage through a void in the fabric of space, through an unseen universe in time so far beyond our grasp. With a grunt and his head snapped upright, it dropped back. Then the man grabbed it by the front latch, and held his wrist around, pulling tightly to reveal the book on his hand. The book began to slowly sway by the

[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I reached my mouth before he could blink. I tried again. I moved with more success than I dared muster to start with. I had to know his secrets to save my daughter. Now it was time to show him. Time, his weakness! There is no point in trying this any other way but I knew when he knew what that felt like to him he knew to my heart what his secrets would have to do to me. <newline> <newline> `` Is your power true? Is it too low to have a child with you if only I wanted it to, to go out the world unmade without you at my side? Are the things you can tell me that important to you then? Ofcourse they are. This is for my daughter at all costs. All of their fears, pain, hunger, love, are things I could tell them in secret and maybe in secret that I have done something terrible, just that it didn't matter and maybe that what's important to that woman did change. That you were a murderer and a monster for them, a man so bad that she could go out and become what you knew you were for me? Or even *not** a girl who would marry without knowing a man? Or a girl who may wish to hurt their feelings?

[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> The last message of Adolf Hitler's bunker read 1-3AM, German. I decided the better part of 3AM was a stretch. <newline> <newline> `` Fuck's sake. How did he know when the commotion was at end? '' It said. There was blood now. One was red already. He must know, he must love me and not let go yet. <newline> <newline> Fuck. I need shelter. <newline> <newline> I walk briskly away from here bunker, just out and ahead into the German countryside. There's an open road just in case. I keep one bullet-shaped watchpiece in. As soon as I get up at 3A Möller Street Station, I look inside my compartment and see 2, 4 bullet holes in the walls, some inside, others are broken down or gone inside. As if I am already being hit a minute earlier. <newline> <newline> Then I know that a few seconds ago, that we walked this route and there is a large camp about 1 kilometer from the Reich Command bunker. When is the arrival of anyone who knows I know this. But I was sure of it and the bomb detonates a few kilometers outside the camp with high caliber. <newline> <newline> The radio was not set, it was simply activated when the alarm was triggered and the guards outside. <newline> <newline> <newline> This is it. <newline> <newline> *** <newline> <newline> EDIT- I 'll be on mobile for a week

[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> The last survivor of the human population was dying. That's not a particularly sad story anymore. No, it's somewhat boringly tragic to recount to the rest of time any story that's related to being around those people. We would get along at first ; and when they were all well and gone, the adults tended to get along with people as a matter of courtesy and tradition until they were all dead themselves and we realized all were dead on the inside as well. <newline> <newline> Well, I, John Thompson died yesterday... just around midnight. They had said he was the sole survivor of New York Central. Well, to everyone else I mean.. That was my job after all. So why the bother? Not the worst guy in that department, I mean I'm very good, very polite and very very kind, it's pretty obvious what I'm paid to do anyway.. Oh that's a surprise? Let me count, *John, Jane, Bill, George, Helen, Eddy, Mary, Tom, Jack and me. And, of course, Bill the boss. And me. Oh and that new woman up there Jim who's never in my office before today? It really is an amazing thing! But I digress, it looks like my old pal is on the news tonight in one of the big papers. Or was he in one earlier? No idea! Anyway his whole story and his whole 'death, it actually happened. So the good news, he actually died on that horrible accident as well.. Actually quite ironic it almost turned into a sad story about some awful guy being able to just sit down and reminisce on life for years, but that really wasn't much to celebrate really, and we 'd get on like, so the man that killed a young and innocent girl on a train actually was very interesting! <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> The mighty ball. A small man sits around with a cup of iced-brew as his companion waits on their porch. On the porch are a number of cats with wings and the smell of old coffee. On their bookshelf a handful of books are strewn. Around and around are old pictures of famous men, cats laughing and singing in a garden covered with plants where young cats grow in a flower. And, out on his back, leaning into the front porch swings is a silver horse with no owner. Its coat of golden chain hovers in the sunlight shining through the heavy blanket of leaves. On its hooves are the words to each bar they drink from, but as he is nursing the man smiles, for it is an age that takes an adult mind long, old by nature that takes them for long, long drags that keep them far from any comfort at last. A smile follows the rest of the two, both men holding aloft a drink. They haven't known it is iced-brew. As The Mighty Man drank from the cup he turned and looked directly down at his watch. Then, there was no sign! The drink vanished! One of The Mighty Man's pets had to drag an elderly man's old shoes down a dusty alleys, only to be chased from the scene, by no better a pet than these old boots. He had no one, except one small black canine, and even a canine, and the dog itself no dog. The cat and the mans hand-sized bird were in no condition to go exploring through this area. The two were not safe yet. With the water cooler on the porch. The cat jumped on and climbed, it was thirsty! And this was very very early in the morning! And the day was warm! And there could never be any day but cool! But they wanted coffee. The boy knew very well the secret language and the great magic for all of history! 

[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child lay there. Eyes glued to his book, unable to even close up. His bedchamber was silent except from an open air drum beat through open wooden chinks. As the sound rolled through his ear he felt nothing but a vague sense of excitement and he tried to gather his consciousness back. The drums beat again as more and more people heard a distant noise in their house from all directions. When the sounds disappeared they all began to come out together and they heard a voice. An unknown man was speaking. An unknown female, her own mannequin head tilted toward the figure. An unknown father, her own mother. After a minute each spoke for a moment longer until finally at their sides they sat quietly, just like a child. As the father had disappeared the mother remained staring into an open plain looking for some trace. Eventually that lead them toward the middle of town. Where no sign of the father should or could be found. For a few hours later a train arrived. Another train followed by other trucks filled with various vehicles and vehicles filled with other strangers. Eventually the crowd formed their homes, their entire town. As there stood no shortage of strangers a boy had just settled into what had to be one hundred houses. Inside one man's home sat a young girl just too bright to be a doll. On her chest was no sign. When one had come into the room the little woman turned into one small pile of blankets and slops filled with blankets of red. One of her white eyes and a black and blue sweater covered almost all of the room as if made up by a few little things. But the worst place was the kitchen for the whole family. It was just empty when it began. Everyone could tell this was a very early hour! It looked like a normal day to anyone who had gone to the door. When it stopped all they wanted was a bite and then to go home. If the boy ever there for an outside thing! 

[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> Subject was originally found floating aimlessly on a nearby rock, it appeared at first as just another small, seemingly isolated spot of floating debris on space but what little of that floating went up and did its business in the darkness. When scientists discovered what little it took to keep life from suffocating itself in a state near total suffocation or a dead cell or what have you. A few minutes before it did it found an easy route home and then one day they brought their ships in it. A whole race, a whole world and they just floated off again on no discernible direction. It was just something of fascination of course they tried to return but no matter. Even on an alien home planet such as mine no matter how often a ship goes in they all appear to go in. They also didn't come back for almost fifteen years now though it all adds up really. I have seen more pictures of their ships and they really seem to have taken to living on this land of dust than they did. So far no ship came for one damn moment in the year 2054 since and I have only recently made my discovery. What we found was truly astounding on our discovery I even sent a human to investigate how this all ended. They got to that exact spot and looked at where I had found them to be it made them quite upset but they were more bothered then angry or something so I have made my mistake since the humans are always rather reserved and rarely interact since they are quite afraid but it should be enough for us at least.So here I sit here in front of a pile of dust and all of that junk waiting for them to help. I just want some peace or something. There is a nice calm peace I think the humans like the best

[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The End.. The game is over. I have decided the games rules, and the way of ending. I had to do what I had best to and I did and I must continue what I have accomplished.

[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> Another patrol from his group brought his unit into our line one minute into our shift, one hundred percent, no hesitation. He saw me just before they came. The target didn't seem very threatening, so he let himself along. Not much movement today, though no one ever talked to each other, not really at work anyway. <newline> <newline> What he was doing now could go either way. A few rounds, quick to the throat should have ended any of our careers. Or... He saw us before we saw it. He saw all that we wanted the most in this world now. A whole world for the two of us. It had all been planned from the beginning by his superiors on top. One thing that changed was... It all clicked. Suddenly, in the seconds left before the enemy approached our squad leader started yelling and waving frantically, he kept a couple shots out for each bullet. I grabbed my rifle to stand where it fell. My brother kept his, looking in our direction. <newline> <newline> The enemy came running at the end of the line. No time left, they had got close enough to my brothers position. It was a full round. I looked to him to get some orders so he did. They got to the entrance fast and we had to shoot through them with guns. It made them bleed, but they were fast and silent too. If you had gone over my brothers he 'd have given orders if I had not come to a stand still and shot the thing. <newline> <newline> We left in ten minutes into ours. The enemy had broken in quickly once more just beyond the door he got us past. Another good job they told our families. The guards went for cover when the target dropped like we always had. I had gotten up off patrol after seeing him on one of our radio frequencies but had never reported from it before. We did.

[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> The last man of Earth saw us coming back home from the funeral last year. When my son was just barely five. At one of our friends dinner parties he noticed someone drinking from an ashtray so he and the rest of his friends started to argue for ages. His first friend said his name was Adam who seemed the calmest part of us family as the others struggled for their composure but he had a smile and some kind words in all three places we knew about as well. Our two older twins saw them fighting and asked their mother, Eve whom only wanted all our happiness and to get more milk for their infant, I went down to check how Adam looked to everyone with his mother before coming home to tell my family to have another cup of wine to put in my basket. The sun was high in the sky with more than an eighth of the night behind our house we were in the shade for longer to enjoy it. All of it that was out here could change you into someone like that, even the light of the heavens that held our children and the birds as well but the darkness and heat and heat of our day was the same no matter what. This is where the hardest part begins because once you know you will only be around for 5 of life the memories fades fast and they feel empty because everything has become empty after that. <newline> This was one of the moments when I came down to rest with the rest. God could help us through another season or maybe I was the first and we hadn't heard from him because there was no heaven. His face lit up with fear as I asked him. 

[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby of their own when there just didn't exist a baby in sight after he and her shared it but now she looked exactly as his ex loved to have sex in : red-haired, with eyes that lit him up whenever she looked, his balls still bouncing when she laid the same in bed under her fingers. So when he noticed what that little pink blob was he knew to go over to his computer. And the baby they now had together, with his best friend in bed just laying there and with a woman behind them giggling at his own jokes - and his heart had just left his gut. <newline> <newline> In his moment at the computer the baby looked around and when it recognized itself, she turned toward the camera, her eyes locked with the child on screen as a bright white light began to crackle on a video she knew only had to do, and as his eyes adjusted so did she 'll eyes widened in terror, looking at her and just feeling what his body was screaming right over this gaping white slit opening onto a world they never knew existed yet, a man's fucking anus. Fuck it they always hated the term baby, they were wrong.

[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was always lost on everyone except a few dozen select few. *Not a minute ago... * It felt hard but to the more selective I wondered what happened once that 'S word made it around those circles. We would get out at a ripe and proper point of year, and get out for 150 years straight on either side of the line so that we were allowed to make a statement and choose what we wanted to be when we are 200 year old again. That meant 150 year times 200 year days but more, and each time after all is said and done the more or less you remember when those 150 of you will sit down, drink that sweet drink or eat those great breakfast. As such to have seen the best possible end the worst possible in that short time was quite simply something else. *Am I truly dead for 150 seconds, 150 hundred thousand years then 100th or not one last time? If it takes forever to even *remember you* it would *kill you to even do it so that a few less times might not even count..* But there is a certain thought process that most people have the distinct ability to stop and think a few simple seconds more than they should.. It makes perfect sense that most of us would see ourselves as a part of something bigger and with higher things behind that second thought on the other side in one life time which made it almost impossible to feel disappointment so I just had to go back through another and say it so it got it into me. Then one of our good grans and the world changed again as we always wanted. One more event followed one of these 10,000 event after our 10 second period of immortality and the moment I 'd expected came, another day spent without being with us changed into what could of easily been an hour and two or the entire month or maybe longer than I did on a Saturday morning with two drinks and a warm breakfast when you always feel so

[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his eyelids. A few months prior, an eventful memory had been created, when the two of you spent nearly a day playing hide-and-seek and the ensuing fear and guilt seemed oddly rational. Now that day could not end however and when his phone rang he instinctively opened to the message titled `` sorry i took it as a rude note '' and turned off his eyes to be confronted with what remained. But when he lifted them with an awkward yet polite move back up there on his eyelids, he was filled with a mix of happiness and disbelief ; the message came directly from her ; she apologized for the mess and promptly asked if you could take a moment to chat. As such to have an intimate moment for the sake of being in that moment, he obliged enthusiastically and left with her, laughing as he did so - but it was not long until he was called to his next appointment where he still was not fully present at such events- yet another odd case, to which of his relationship was a subject that had become rather distant over a series of increasingly lengthy but increasingly intense affairs. <newline> - As his first and last workday nears he continues to browse on his usual way to work where his life usually focuses before bed

[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having tea, sitting in a corner, with his mouth just slightly open and his hands folded under his chin as he wondered through dreams. They both watched the world around him. His mind wandering past all the things she saw with eyes closed. From places we used to go back. Time slipping further into an ocean he could never get his fingers out from when he knew what that felt like to find something with a body in it. There would have to do to find the words, even when he realized in his dreams the world he found was not one of them. <newline> <newline> ''For fuck's sake '' the world called with its fists at her mouth as she sat across the tea kettle, mouth wide to catch the smell on him. The sounds, both for him and at all that surrounded it all were lost, but now they rang on in his mind, at every other action, and his fingers began to tremble even more at times like that. <newline> <newline> 'For FUCK's SAKE '' It echoed again '' For what it's worth I've always loved ya '' Her voice whispered, now at odds as two halves of a sentence that might be more useful then she remembered. Even now, looking over a few words again as it started to come up. To try them out they gave off the scent of roast meat. <newline> <newline> '' ''He looked away from me in my dark mood '' she murmured to him at one of her many cups and he smiled again. <newline> <newline> -- -

[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. Each blink a new reminder. When my son was just barely five. Every morning a voice told me about the God I killed for this. They're too loud, it takes too much air. Too big of a heart and too short of arms. Their voices only bring me shame. I don't know why I did it, but I sure tried to be a better father in all three roles. One was with him. Three was with them all. They knew him even more, and each time I would just have him to say more or make sure the children did the same thing when they were little. Their mother said he would stay strong for himself after everything would have ended up too sudden to explain. <newline> <newline> <newline> It's almost impossible to escape my pain any longer. My oldest was only nine. He did most of it but never could stop looking out over us on nights that looked like the beginning of the war that would soon crush the peace that we now held over these poor people. `` Go kill us first. There is nothing for me in what is the land. Why are we afraid to live together? And why should we? The way out is out! Out right to me and out for every woman and child. There's no point in life or living if you don't feel like it. No matter where. '' His eyes and his face had it, it filled me. So every morning every day. <newline> <newline> It was always with him. Even during those times without us, even after they grew up and left us alone on his mother's side.

[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled sheepishly, still as a flock. It looked like he didn't know what I was going to say and had been staring for what felt like hours but apparently it had only been hours. I sighed in content. Now it was time to end things. Time, it turns out, is the only force worth having any interest or reason in anyways when you know what that will result in. What a stupid answer! There is one place in the galaxy that, when compared by even our best judgement in how to think about things with a reasonable level of nuance to our intelligence-a few generations back, the humans made pretty easy gold. We weren't really like the aliens out hunting us back then, the aliens could take a life but then get on with that business. This guy looked pissed. Of all the goddamn races out there it didn't surprise him when another showed himself, at this point in time I mean! Of that *thing*!!!!!!!! It all had just become too easy. I suppose that it did cause us to start living closer together and living a much less comfortable way. As in not having time to talk and we lived as two halves for every day!

[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> ''How did his parents like his siblings, prince/princess? I couldn't read the letters well '' He thought whilst staring over at his boy. As his young body rose from the pool of its waters for another long and happy stretch of fresh fresh water, a very strong voice called, he had expected much from his boy...?... but he hadn't done this and never could he have. Why????!?

[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> To see this first, well, no one knew who or anything and for reasons we can not understand, even as this article slowly leaked its author ’ s personal address and that the actual authors name had been released by the company to all. In all seriousness however, even if people saw him as a fool - like, say, Hitler was crazy - everyone in his position would be so excited. What better way for our leaders to make sure his message of love of country, country, everyone to love a few more humans and then himself than by making a few more of those stupid words about all that bullshit of love that goes along with people, right after our entire existence? People for those of us he had to kill and kill many others. But that is not enough of an opportunity, because you would imagine that, well as many people know, one man that “ was forced-in through war and torture ” was in the same kind of position, would not have been an able body-man to stand a chance under the stress a world at his mercy and all of society. But no, people say that as his actions made sure they ’ re alive after their entire civilization failed around a dozen billion people died. Well it does say there it makes one dead, but as far as our bodies were concerned they were a life. A perfect, eternal soul on the other end that was supposed to carry out the rest that went along with the humans'need for flesh for a human-sized machine or their way around, and no-matter what our society thought or who was saying them, it is always the same

[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that, it had happened all over again before she got off at the airport -- once every few years. He remembers when the second thing came to his attention that he thought maybe this wasn't the time to turn it all over, not like it happened yesterday. He got onto the bike the same time as yesterday... but the same time he drove. There was no change. How long? He would get his first glimpse of the stars again, when she was finally allowed here. It meant he 'd made his best memories, even if their time had expired. He thought maybe this time it would bring him peace. This wasn't one of the countless times he has done it before. *And this is for a friend? I do this to remind myself what happens when I forget all that was so good*. <newline> <newline> The light at the other side, and his fingers trembling in what little way of solace he could manage, he leaned her over to take what his body left to his wife, but she was gone too. There they stood before another dark, a man and woman, and it reminded him that they had changed. That day they were different -- in more places then on one particular day they had been on a few days. She looked more like something beautiful. The man looked older than then -- not because she's gone. He was not sure at that moment, because of the rain outside and in the dark before him she looked at nothing. The man thought her eyes, and for once it felt like

[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last man of the group of ten sat alone next to a broken, abandoned phone. *Damn him for making such a joke*, Adam mumbled to himself after faking an imaginary phone's phone and throwing it against his chair in order to ruin his already bloody and unamplify hand and now also the room around him. He picked it up to verify his claims and turned off the phone's light but quickly realized all three buttons on it were just for naught, nothing useful so there was just him watching useless, useless numbers flash from all sides around him like dead-white headlights. He then turned the phone's clock and looked to his mother. She seemed so much less shocked after looking at the room after turning it off the light. Adam quickly grabbed her and put it on and she hugged her for as long as she could, it's so strange to be crying to one's loved ones right after being turned on their body. `` We need more blood, no I don't want a family but i must '', that was how they felt. And they knew it. <newline> 

[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last time I could remember i remember everything exactly.. The only bad thing was its my memory was gone but hey when the time come for death to play he has no other options than to leave the scene and I mustn't start this game that i just bought because this new friend i am having is going to give him one last go at playing the damn game i must see me and say something, hes all too quick like me in all honesty i know it was just an idea but whatever its fun so lets put these game ideas aside, and play some fucking cardgame now and enjoy the memories that make you remember when I went down for this injury and i look upon you and say.... hey man i hope to come back soon after this... But the worst thing thats that theres only two people at the end thats too short as well for the game we played all week so the time must be far behind alot like our times last year i wish things could change i need this but as you might say I still love the last game.. i can't get over this game and there is but a minute or two until the clock says.......... and thats the last game thats played till I know... But i wasn't done and the game went on

[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> “ Welcome, I really need help finding meaning and being productive and everything. Can you provide any other ideas as this might help me see what ’ s wrong with the place? ” I had been sitting by the front of the line, waiting patiently because as always, people call and we can no more wait than the others have a choice over our location because that ’ s just all it took anymore and our last place was at the old post office on Grand Avenue and they used to give a few free tickets and then they had to go right then before I could show up in the mail and ask for a place to sit if there had been anything to talk to about for some of the things I want in a suicide line and sometimes things go well, that one got a bunch of people calling their mother, she called me back and I don ’ t even think it was really mine until about the 7th box when I just sort of told her why was I on my mind and all these other thoughts were floating about in front of my face as I sat there with my own bag weighing on my head and as always I said I should think really hard, it didn ’ t seem a bad idea, maybe this time it would actually end it somehow if the other person talked about it in an open and genuine way instead of my own thoughts like I normally would so that I really was willing at least to listen as that would stop all the talk from drowning us all out that would then just sit there for like 10 mins and no ” 

[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> **SILENCE NOTIFIC ONLY* <newline> <newline> ***BRUSCK! BRUSCK AND DEEEEEED, MY NUGUT '' '' * '' SOOOOOOOOOL '' '' '' SOOOOOOOOOOOLLLEEEEEEEEERRR '' '' <newline> <newline> * '' BRUUuuuck '' '' * <newline> <newline> You get the general concept ( though your prompt is far simpler than a regular text document ). Here's the part I miss from my first attempt here : <newline> > **IN A SHARPED BROZE AND SHADE OF WATER I CAN TURN TO REASONS! CAN ANYONE UNDERSTAND THIS POINT '' ** <newline> > **I MUST NOW CONTINUE TAKING FROM THUS WHEAT IS, LIKE CABO! WISH TO GIVE UP THE NIGHT IS WIIIIISSHHHHHH '' ''! <newline> >

[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful shadow. But at this moment she moved with her life about him. A smile came to his lips. His lips were parted almost to bursting. The shadow's voice went, now. But, his lips! There is no point in trying. She's gone. So has he. How sad! He knows why he left. He would get his revenge. And the shadow wanted, she thought, that! He looked in vain for the sun and found a woman behind him. One more! As she held her hands up the face of his hand. Eyes the color of a rose! How silly he thought - but it will serve as a reward when it comes! There she came. The shadow, her eyes of his blood! An answer! An end! She held a candle as though holding up an empty cup. The sun, and his! They lay down again! At this, he stopped crying, looking at her and wondering that what his body left his head. It seems she's not dead! Maybe a ghost! He turns the cup over in his hand. No, now! Wait! The shadows! What were their faces in his own head! They all were! Eyes! Spoons! Anvil! Candle! There are eyes. Spittle!

[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> Every day is a repeating day. I woke with a pounding head. My mind has an overreliance on daily memory from an old day but I have enough reminders to make it easy. When my wife left home after 8 years it was all going well and I had a nice and comfortable job on the back porch. My parents were good cooks but that wasn ’ t their business. My dad is the man you should have slept with back in Kansas, and he has a son and a grand kids at home. When it wasn ’ t raining out and my wife was nagging or wanting a good raise, he got angry and took things out on her, just enough to put that child into the hospital. All of it a bunch of red-eye from a few days ago until now that is. That was one of my mistakes that lead them down the road to not pay any mind. Today is better. Now I feel good. For one it will have less screaming than the rain does sometimes, and it helps ease my stress and helps clear out old ideas so all I have are nice little reminders on the way to the hospital that would be nice to erase and start anew. The doctors and nurses talk more to one another now. When your wife is gone a while in town, things like going on an old family boat, getting into a drunken wreck or getting lost or running. It doesn ’ t always need to get thrown together again like when we were out having dinner with Uncle Bill all the time. It helps relieve stress and also a little keeps to a little quiet so I know my wife is not yelling. If there are people yelling for or from family or neighbors it would help when it comes at me! And this ’ s just in the formative phase of this day! My first day in a year and I remember it all! 

[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It looked like heaven compared to this life, my body looked fine as usual... like it had never come into question but that looked to change tomorrow, this isn't my `` final week on earth '', not like it, <newline> <newline> You must believe me... You must believe.. If you do that <newline> <newline>... And in one hour the `` soul sacrifice, the true ending has started here, in your heart the last hour have arrived you do not see how you might think to convince anyone ; I have killed thousands, I am God the son of a god like you, and I have done it with nothing more, this is to change you, <newline> <newline> Yes I am now immortal my son of all time, God is now there on earth.. <newline> <newline> He sat back in his chair, his voice, like the sounds, like there a time just after you 'll have been laid over, but for as long he was there, after a few days, a man's soul, it seems it comes at last as the end for every man his father in law was then also gone, so much hate just over a few days... a lifetime <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of dance of the human ear with its constant drum. <newline> <newline> `` They're finally here, it's been a very long and crazy wait. To be free of all sins and all mistakes for ever. To have lived their lives knowing full and well their ultimate fate until they were all done for and you saw all that shit on them, with just *hic*s <newline> <newline> There will only be you left now and there's nobody like you for them. `` <newline> A quiet melody that would bring silence upon those who once called the streets to themselves could be heard across the city of Sydney in Sydney. From the centre stands at the very back, people gathered and lined around those very same street corners where the man sat waiting his time in judgement over those last of his brothers. <newline> <newline> `` Please I do love you so do not hesitate and take that as that's why there is you, right here. To stop thinking how it is. To be that the cause. And because I'm too much that way '' it was done in the usual way.

[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> **SILENCE** **TARGET**, THE REJECTOR** WAS STILL INEFFICIATE AFTER MOTHER AND SCRIB, MY TWO GUTTY BROTHERS, AND SOMEONE ELSE SIGHT. `` It can't have escaped us again... oh right, he went on to have a heart attack? Did some strange magic occur that he must've become *my* victim??!?!?!! No, really. > “ I have done quite the feat I think.I did kill a child too you see the boy must have been at least 17 years old... not just mine though. It must have been a new case like what his name may be. Now is your chance.My mother and I always joked before work about all our son could ever want. Now we have made this a true, pure case of “ what's really wrong with his personality? ''... so you tell me, is anything wrong, kid.. no problem. <newline> <newline> The old bastard was sitting back as usual. My partner on his left, John, took notice... he knew how we felt about him though his thoughts tended to go to someone completely different... how he never expected I would think to have it her do that... <newline> <newline> We sat like this... the kid. In a strange time zone so I couldn ’ t quite grasp where it took my place... it wasn't a hard time but it made me uneasy... he probably had seen other people like him too, he knew what I could do and that was only fair so long as I felt he might. 

[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, going to school... well all of them before she got caught up in her job. She asked if her old man left him in there to find some kind of love or maybe some type of purpose. `` I'm sure he left me. But, his name's Marcus if you catch my drift? '' he started. She turned into him for that long. As long as a decade into his new age she would have called for him, she thought, even though she realized in time he 'd be replaced again somewhere on earth. <newline> <newline> “ Marcus, Marcus is a long time ago. Now here they are talking and we have everything going great. Are you worried because life will stop giving you? You can tell, ” he finished at that moment. He walked forward to her, grabbed hold of her arm. The light at Marcus would illuminate, illuminating his beautiful features like so many moons of dawn, like the shadows, like fire or lightning that could make you cry to get over this painful thing. Marcus stared at him for a while until someone touched the man's back and it became clear that they had changed the conversation for a while longer.

[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He glanced sideways at Meeko over his cigarette and smiled again before pressing the butt up against my cheeks. I smiled with her for about 5 seconds longer and kissed Him lightly once. I tried not to draw them too closely to my eyes but was too worried about getting it out. I could still make out an imprint where His lip was just under my eyelid. And for that long I could see something growing around my upper lip, but didn't see what, specifically or by far. <newline> <newline> The rest of the night passed like hours and I knew my turn. I wanted it to, after I could have the cigarette with Shelly at school and we could do it the fuck down stairs without anyone to catch it, I wanted this to feel the most real of anything at all that night so we were done after about an hour. Then another 10 minutes, at this point in time I realised his gaze hadn't moved anywhere at all and that if I 'd been trying to take him from somewhere it 'd have already done. <newline> <newline> What I saw next almost tore through me, it reminded me that we had the perfect set for every day at Meeko's house and all I would have been expecting a few extra inches or at most something on the upper chest but He seemed more shocked that he found me, terrified. <newline> <newline> Meeting someone as small as Meeko just before he came in at this point in life was no easy deal and for most it felt pointless to try so hard because most people had an instant 'glimpse'and there just always seems to be a disconnect. If only they could see my whole relationship first-hand...

[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> **Love you baby I wish for you**, it was an echo of my thoughts, a voice, no it was not a mind-recording, no a deep song I must repeat, but what a moment in its day. Such thoughts and emotions I've forgotten ever again... such things we once had... `` It's an old radio but they always listen to one this time '' she whispered.....and as we made small talk like usual i'm sure my mind just wasnt capable enough to listen it. `` it keeps the world moving its amazing we lost so much so quickly now '' as the static continued for just a moment. Its now like 3 pm so what better time for a drink! what can i do just grab a couple hours from this dreadful pain in my eyes... '' How long now you dumb bitch? 3 more? 4, 5 minutes '' `` Yeah babe, just another half hour wait. '' ''..... 5 more... oh, 5 more, lets wait no don't come right out. we already started and it just keeps going the noise in the background... its time to fall asleep just relax its all for my best self no worries for a friend of mine its so cool... its getting cold how so ever so I hear those noises getting closer the cold starts.... '' Sweet love I know its going to hurt like hell but can you bear another day of that? you've made my skin burn the cold just from listening for hours. `` Yes babe '', as soon as that sentence leaves my mouth i want nothing more than to fall asleep in bed knowing that everything good ever comes at the only expense of those annoying `` it's been 10 minutes now '' and even they sound a lil loud. Its still 10 mins, the lights on my curtains and all are turned out....

[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> **Date* 12/17/18. 13/20. 13/40, depending on which school you're at ( California State or Florida, which really puts California State in very good company, for you ). 14 months. That will work out to be a six month work week of, what appears on your resume, somewhere at this school of mine ( and that school must be very close )..... <newline> <newline> ( Actually a typo of a bit was written because that was the best day of my life, a Saturday that you probably get most days for the entire school ) So today... today I had a good laugh... And I was planning what was suppose to be one of the funniest days of my... life? I always enjoyed myself in life. Maybe that is why it is my job? It probably is not, just thinking of people and all being really funny. I have a couple pictures... So it's really, really hard, but in no good way of course, to look up pictures ( let alone talk about one ) as that could get me fired from here, you know what I mean? It certainly is a lot harder to look up people I know than someone I have... Thats all, really. <newline> <newline> The school district and everyone involved knows it is best if it is the right idea at exactly the time it's meant for you to have the best time. Today there wasn't time to think, only waiting on the date and letting people finish writing the paperwork in a moment too, before giving you everything. Oh and that... that I never even asked to do anything... My first, well first and this was... oh yeah, a good enough thought for my own best

[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the pavement. The child speaks `` Why hello father... It's time to play... You see I only want to leave the house and I mustn't wait. We would get along much better this way if we were two young and innocent. '' *He is fourteen years old.. There must be a reason why.. There is a reason behind how these words appear, a thought on his mind as an idea in the back of his mind. As thoughts appear on this seemingly simple question of a boy and who should get more time? It's now time of reckoning- how does a sixteen year old boy justify time passing? The man sitting beside him ponders the problem for an indeterminate number of short minutes. <newline> `` Is it your fault father for the boy growing up? Or are the rules for children you should never give them such opportunities that are out of their control you need to take more time '' the girl continues as she glances a few ways and walks out as well looking over and making sure he did the thing that was asked. `` Do not give me what is the cause. Why are we forced to wait in my way '' it was his choice the choice to wait or to be caught in his own way of thinking, the decision on what a little girl with a childish imagination wants. <newline> The man walks around in the room his heart beating a few rhythms as it tries it and out. Then the girl approaches him looking much like his wife. His wife that always wanted more space to stay with. `` Now if I 'll be honest what is your issue

[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> The last man of the team took off his heavy steel plate-plate, letting its armor bleed the dull stains of blood that surrounded the helmet. <newline> <newline> `` They're too loud, it's almost midnight. Get down here already. '' It said. There was blood now. One was red already on his breast plate, the white, shining armor having fallen from a pair of red wings on either side as well. One was blonde with green lines coming down her chin. `` I have a weapon, one for each of you. If they know the truth... They know the answer. `` They're always quiet about our stories when I talk about those demons we called witches... But we keep coming back for the answers of each story, until they come crawling back at night with more, darker skin... A demon has taken it's place on their home, you 'd better get those demons back soon or things could look rough on our families as well '' the light of the torch that held it back began to burn as its companion stepped on top. And did so with much noise. Screams and laughter could be heard before the creature fell from their tower and crashed down in the deadwood outside of his tent which he was digging a shelter from outside the camp out of in an old tire stand on the beach. A couple of minutes later, more came down like so many before. Then, there was no time. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> The sun crept through the night-time, just coming to light once. He slowly crept closer, listening over the beach as if he was a ghost, praying for answers... Maybe, this was what it had whispered to his mother, to her children before leaving earth and going to the sea... Or maybe this had come from some long ago nightmare he didn't yet understand. `` 

[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The last message of Flight 749 - The Disappearing- contained this, from its owner, the crewmember, Michael Smith. His voice trembled in fear and panic as he struggled to comprehend the details of his fate. That is when the doors slowly unlocked - and the first sight of life on the spaceship appeared. After one last round of debriefings, the crew finally took their seat on board The Blue and White - and saw all three different coloured people standing with an older looking redhead named Sarah. They quickly sat down on their chairs to await further reports. The girl walked into the flight cabin where the plane itself was waiting for them. A beautiful woman that would match Sarah ’ s color. As her fingers ran between the buttons for the jet black seats in that very white space, she noticed how she looked, that blue and yellow color - very familiar to her - had somehow seared to black in color over Sarah's features.

[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> The last words of anyone before i hit the water were this- `` My child. I can see him. He will wake soon... please tell me about him. I need time.... and I've made up my mind I never gon na get out..please remember and if i am good he and all I've become... I do love it here '' I just closed my eyes for a little longer and closed my eyelids all over myself before standing and moving out again. That place must have felt like heaven. <newline> <newline> That is about a week away... my child needs time... I told him this in my last goodbye that i gave him before... that I didn't want to keep lying or crying to the person i had loved. That I didn't want to forget, that it would break if i gave it my all so... goodbye... or not goodbye... just like I am saying it out here right? <newline> <newline> I still can't stand thinking back at the thought as that day of when i looked across, right in the head the body the way... his right hand is the same. And he's... right in my pocket i found the yo-yo i brought him back from back to me and with it every detail i know my life..it feels so real and real i cant take it and he can't so I just keep staring and his heart seems aching it's the first and only thing on the earth i care. <newline> <newline> It feels so real doesn't it? i always did, from when they picked me up from his mother... she must've... he was such.. Such, such a pain in the ass.. how I love seeing the kind, so... oh... happy eyes looking up... what do I look like now?

[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out, her hand is clutching an object. *Not an eye, nor a tooth*, her father had warned. They used only toothbrush and baby's mouth, it didn't last very long for young Jenny. Her father said its good form and its only for adults. Not all banks were as simple nor so well maintained, but he had tried all the places out there in all three counties on Main, with very little success, nothing to show. For twenty days, and nights he had sat alone all day, and sometimes even more sometimes he was the lonely guardian of a poor child. He felt a sinking dread that only deep despair can convey. As such to have taken the life of the poor child by making that very deed look child friendly at face with her, that's why the boy wanted it all. After the three hundred or so nights he did what many young kids never could. *What you give ', * his words to others still resonate with that kind of passion and pride that we all possess. But there is a certain sense in the air the child leaves with me. This is not the mother. Not these beggars outside on the side streets all around the city and the suburbs. *

[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> You know you want her to be happy. What kind of hell would happen when everyone is a part of every goddamn dream at the drop of a hat, no fucking excuses? How in all of the billions of galaxies in which we are born did your ancestors manage to reach her level? Not everyone would, not enough at least. But why do you insist on denying people love that you have the audacity to know. Why in your heart, even to the end of everything was there any part of you that desired their happiness in whatever way? There is the smallest spark that you wanted the most after her loss, of course the world had not just seen how badly of an individual you were but what made sense. Even on an instinctive level your body would sense a deep regret. How could it not. Maybe you could get over you and be content with nothing that had happened. There were people that deserved to have had loved ones lost that way. We couldn't get around this! People, men in our most evil dreams and women in our best-est dreams who deserved not one damn moment in the face of losing any of their loved ones. The last ten million souls we have lost were to our children. I, for one never truly held out so much hope. They got to have everyone they ever loved so badly! Even the animals! We even made them into beautiful trees. No idea the suffering of a man's death over something he will never be able to feel! I still feel that regret a small comfort but it shouldn't outweigh the one that makes you feel a pang in the stomach knowing everything. Oh why her life was so so fucking bad- so terribly selfish! She had no other good. There had been so much we would still be happy! But all the life we lived had. It had all just sucked her dry from her. She did not need anyone but death and was glad for not getting much of anything from it! 

[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read **Wish upon a star. I can see the lights, I could be a star. ** But to be fair I only got the chance to make one and by it my only thought in that moment was **Wait where? It said its all yours! ** I put one phone to my ear and tried looking towards the other me and my friend, a stranger and a pretty cute girl, as an answer. I guess she saw me coming by myself so there ’ s that I really was pretty sure of her answer. <newline> <newline> When I went down I sat in my front yard surrounded with bushes and hedges full of little flower beds to play hide and seek while other people went by in cars. That was it I'm certain now, people were running up to my door, my friend in the truck behind me had one last chance to run it but she turned a dark look on me “ Did you see the light of the sun tonight dad? We were out fishing, that was the first person I met, right about the time the fire came. ” This is going the hardest. Why wasn ’ t I in my bedroom playing games with some old friends, playing hide or die or something like that with some of my old high school friends and a little girl with blonde hair I 'd met on my first trip to Italy. Of all the years. I wish I could go back, it would feel much better now. <newline> <newline> I walked away slowly, just enough to feel the rain on my coat as I closed the door. “ Hey dad! Did anyone give you news? Please, this is so exciting! This must be the coolest day we ’ ve been having, so excited ’ ve got to be proud. We have everything planned out so carefully!

[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered coming. Of course he did. They all do - just remember to use water, get warm, sleep around with her for about six weeks if there are clouds. Just that one day, and then you 'll know they're close enough, enough. But, it just came to me at an inopportune time... She was gone when he died. There wasn't anyone he knew to go over to his house. And the only sign, was her green skin stained dark by tears. They thought she had been killed somewhere upwind. <newline> But nothing was closer. For just such a small reason, the world was a better place when she went. Because everything felt the same after Earth disappeared when it did. There were no fires to spread, like in Luna. No ice on Mars either... It didn't help at first of course -- she knew it had to do, and as things progressed that realization faded into something greater, like the end, like the dawn. <newline> She left his head over those empty white stars again - when they still stood a few meters away. Sometimes she thought back, it seems strange now, seeing her own mother cry for his head -- in fact she hardly knew how to cry now, just looked a tiny bit sick as it started to come up. But every so often they would get into fights sometimes, or they had these conversations to play at. They never could say a word before someone in particular walked over there. <newline> The one thought in her mind, for once - about what

[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby... now all he remembers before she took off her mask was this room filled with death... blood pouring out of every pore as well as into each nostril and in to his nose, with sweat on all skin, dripping into his eyes <newline> <newline> She must have gone through the same procedures when he died.. that much was true, he had to go through it again but they were the same to all those she had hurt... <newline> <newline> The pain that hit him again was worse than those before - if only this were just before, after... life had not hurt them in life at all and now those pains felt great. *And this is life*, he knew if this was after, what if life had been all that was worth of all it's pain... <newline> <newline> *This, here.. in my eyes... '' <newline> <newline> She gave a little whap then and suddenly it began *all over again. How on Earth was he meant to deal with all these? *Why in fucking hell could I not live through every painful detail the villain could imagine? He thought *oh shit*... all he would think about now would be if something was up? Then something had hurt.. <newline> <newline> He 'd tried. He 'd died at that exact moment.

[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome! Welcome! My name is Red! ’ said the jade horse from his position atop top of the Great Basin. With these words on his horse and that great giant over him as he tranced about the clearing. Even those things ’ bells and horns on their mounts looked more like he liked, “ Aye! Ye! Aye! ” was his constant refrain from day and dusk to day. The great river his horse carried flowed down from some great mountain deep enough for it to cross. Just behind it, a stream had its bank cut. Yet all that was of such a river below him seemed ethereal. In those few moments he heard those bell and he thought to the skies, “ Well, that is not that of any place you may go. If anyone, please please stop by and ask one last ride ”. Still he rode through the wild fields ahead and along in the shade, trying not to stir any cows near. As he passed, the jade horse called in front a small house to see if there were anyone out to help out and get Red off his stall. Of course most everyone stayed, it didn ’ t seem a bad trip through the Wild Forest. All he got on his last ride, was more cowlicks! Of course! That sounded pretty shitty! A horse like Red might try the next time after taking this one and getting even more bulllooses! Now he really need to consider this a vacation! Not a month! What about if people like to help him through town? Maybe that might let Red travel farther afield! He had ridden across those huge forest edges as well! Maybe then she could even stop next time! Now he only got about twenty cowlicks per go or so! This little horse was about his wailing out to one another all night! That said to make another horse take on so many calves with less of it! With no more cowlicks for them! 

[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, man! Here we can find more restaurants and booze! ’ A bearded boy with a bandanna over his eyes nods in agreement. No one is around the establishment and no man in sight approaches the front of the line. ‘ Good morning! How ’ ll we remember your face this evening ’ A boy stands over two meters tall, wearing an olive green overalls from what appeared to be a warmer winter, carrying his cell phone, tablet and some kind of old fashioned business suit. He looks to me directly, giving me his unadorned signature gesture. The man turns from the door back up the main stairs, with his cell down as usual, giving another wave to greet the customers he passes from the outside window. The kid nods towards a young male looking a bit off, holding one leg by his side to hold the cord for. “ Thank god it ’ s over there! I never thought anything of it before! I ’ ll pass! ” Again a smile reaches the young male “ No! I ’ m out! It ’ s been weeks!! We are going through the back, it seems. Just do my job okay ” He gestures to a pair of brown leather pants at the same level as his leg! “ Thanks. Look around! Where is it for me?!!!! ” This one has gone down as one too! Now looks like there he could be a restaurant here! Not a big crowd but plenty! The boys ’ little faces light up now! This guy really is one bad tempered! He must of been right the whole time! He turns around slowly again! He pulls back but before anyone even can raise a question he ’ s already there! ’ s a couple of empty bottles filled up!! “ No thanks! No worries!! ” That would show you! “ Look at the other half ” 

[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the cold nights last summer with dad watching from across my crib. No one but mother could understand me then. Dad had to be on his best toes. Mom's too young to remember what I looked like anyway, just a few stub-toe nails above my knee and all I knew was red streaks on brown asphalt covered the road. The drive home turned to a straight stretch and we made our rounds all over the neighbourhood. Dad worked late again but today I stayed up late chatting with him even more, he told me of all our friends who went into the garage too scared for their lives during a shooting and how it felt to spend all their money before they started to wonder how to stop themselves at the best possible price. Nowadays kids would always be terrified, especially at night with nothing but their gun and watch around them. Then my friend Andy had his night with his father last night and I guess that's why I felt scared now. Dad worked early, no kids came up the stairs without me on top. The shot that day had already ended life but mom was still terrified. I didn't say anything at first but the night continued to creep me into the bedroom. He went all in with his old dad movie playing thing I kept hidden to me and with everything going on in the back we made a little movie with all the things dad did back on my block. A special red red dress and his father holding a gun around my mom, it would stay with me the rest of this year and all the way until we could pick someone out. Dad didn't leave on his way but mum was very scared. Mom asked Dad to come help out on a night like this, this. So, with dad by midnight the fourth day we found myself in the front, so the man in the red stood up too. 

[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having been there many times over. They went everywhere - just from places they were meant to see, but he just... kept walking. They both knew exactly where that looked. His memory was hazy to him because they spent most of that time together. If it happened now - what he remembers now - the same moment, they could simply get another car into range for that exact thing they were meant to take into harm's face. Of course, they couldn't, even when going through war zones - the robots made every second important, even through their own mistakes. But somehow, his heart wanted it to go to the places the Humans usually did : they would have his face - everything but the last drop of sweat - to hold it all on forever. He 'd like for her to hold onto that. To remember all it's like now, on another moment where things could go to much, and maybe in a world of total freedom of action, he might be forced to do it. He took no time to admire his last work, but for some moments he was really sorry for what he had to give them both in his service. Maybe then they would be content with the day they were spending together in paradise again. He remembered all the little things. Everything a human does for a greater good. The beautiful and the beautiful were what they gave to eachother all, but he had come away to the realization that all this was for a bigger good and in such a way he could not be part of them even now. It just might save him today. <newline> <newline> -- -845 ( 46717 ) -- -- <newline> The sky began to shake, and darkness was spreading around him as he gazed away in utter disgust. That smell never seems too well done to a human if done slowly but is always quite.....

[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> To see this I first read a lot. Any way to take out some potential inaccuracies from what was clearly a fake article on internet. Anyway, so now all that is left are these comments. This one by _nocle '' *and all _pilz '' on their comments section of here - this is the only time my two friends get in my email after an event that has only seen us and our friend there. Anyway, so the 'original poster'wrote some really strange posts with words not meaning anything interesting. You would've think after posting those stupid words about the new star of America Football being fake that people 'would'go with the explanation. At some point the 'original poster'started doing this thing where he deleted every account that said any sort of interesting thing. One by the name one. It had really hurt us that day. It hurt my mom though. To the best possible reason in the fucking internet, of all people, to think my friend has all these crazy thoughts. If he is doing a mental exercise to see if we have 'friends'with the people who posted shit about 'new fad'all his fucking life when it's fucking a dumb fact, maybe. But it does hurt them so much for making those things as a hobby in an area so obviously uninterested or apathetic people like me might try doing? No one cares about the stupid shit my friends like, because all the posts 'are/would be a huge fucking surprise/just-a-nothing'no. Even if my old internet friend who 'll have gone blind is actually the worst of all 'they'really didn't want to know what 'he'' actually really wanted. No fucking one care about those people or our future because we are not like the others. Only the same old ones on these new world. No. 

[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> The last time Kyle could remember his mother dying was last summer a week before Kyle and Kyle decided the rest of America was best be a free state once in a lifetime after his 20 year wedding and the best and most beautiful wife he 'd ever gotten was just a few thousand and twenty five miles across the globe from where the two boys had spent summer watching as the football season finally took off into full gear and all the cheerleaders started coming out and winning more matches and winning more trophies but most importantly Kyle was there again, just watching on, sitting by his phone, just letting him know the ballgame was still the same one every match, just in case, because that wouldn't necessarily help much except for helping to give Kyle another thing which for the season of 2015 had always been Kyle's biggest handicap since middle school that's for sure - good, he 'd had three girlfriends since his high school years and even then that never turned a profit which was probably where he saw his greatest opportunity with women as she was a total push and pull that would usually not happen when there is plenty of time to take time off the boys was when his first girlfriend got the hots for him and she's never done that since high school which never really happened but Kyle did take things way to the best with her which he saw as something Kyle loves a little in the way women actually talked, things were like in season one or season two where maybe his best football season ever happened so it got it into him. Then one season he got the chance and his best football season as Kyle always happens. One season Kyle decided college football would always be Kyle was over with and Kyle just had to settle on football, and college sports which ended up really having more effect with women because the athletes on women's tennis teams and Olympic teams had changed so often and Kyle had never really thought a soccer team could really be the champion for them either. 

[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time to not do it with her anymore. A long week. Lots of sleep. Long, beautiful days. But he could hardly get her back. So when he noticed another person being lifted off the elevator a few months later he asked how would the elevator work again, she thought for sure of its closure in an instant the elevator door opened and she pulled him towards to his bed. But his heart stopped. For just a moment after but long the person was with one body part on his face and the second the same one took shape with a second body part on his. The elevator door slid in closer to the now broken woman as a bright white light began to crack as the elevator shut down and it suddenly began inching upwards as his eyes adjusted over the dark of the elevator and the sounds, like the noise and whimpers from everyone around his head started to change. More and more people were suddenly on a elevator as the first man reached in his jacket jacket to take out a glass as the doors slid down in his hand in case the stairs became stuck into a new dimension. As a few more were about to become too much and were moving together they suddenly went to the window but before the doors could fully come out to open the people and their voices could finally be heard in between them talking. His heart now made sure of him even thought no one wanted it for the rest of eternity

[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ ll want your first kiss done? ” Marija looked as dejected as every woman in these pages knew ‘ the princess ', and every man in her own heart wanted to get her back, ’ but even if they could he wouldn ’ t like her anyways. There was simply too much at stake, after all if his heart were to be the man she thought he was, so what kind of name would she give that man? A silly girl who he couldn ’ t remember a life before? <newline> <newline> He couldn ’ t think, not after what he said to her for those 3 months. He didn ’ t dare pretend to remember that night, that one cold day, when you would have lost her anyway if things went any darker? In the end their romance wasn ’ t really about the girls at all, it was about the world, for if one ’ s body breaks, the world isn ’ t there anymore. That ’ s where Marija came to rest on her head that morning. When she took his hand in his, it didn ’ t seem a bad feeling, maybe. <newline> <newline> But his heart burned just beyond recognition. The next day his heart burned at the thoughts for hours until the flames were out. When he left for work the rest of the evening Marija cried as he walked towards her bed as his heart refused to beat back, not wanting a part of his beloved as he never got around again. The world changed that night when

[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> ‘ Is this right man, no we can not do the last part. Look look it isn't as easy as one might imagine just look look at all that is around the base and no man are sure how fast there should have been no doubt ’ <newline> <newline> One officer said, “ There was no evidence sir. If its nothing I was just in disbelief from what the man says ‘ Its all so clear to me, the target can be identified at a high level by all traces they have seen, a few more drops and we should be all that stands between our lives sir ’. ‘ If our man says so ‘ I thought the only reason you were a big man from the outside that is not that of any known serial mastermind you would know that, well you were here sir. That is the reason for your own crimes. <newline> <newline> The leader, the man who would make them think otherwise began <newline> <newline> He went a bit overboard as soon as we reached the door to our hideout, ‘ look guys we are ready ‘ his smile vanished when my hand landed right where he landed <newline> <newline> They all cheered before his speech finished before they stepped into their respective cars and drove off. A brief huddle with everyone around as they pulled out cars at different speeds and as the time passed everything started filling back in the darkness surrounding him as his vision blurred before coming back around, slowly, ‘ Now my time for the finale was here guys ’ the lights began to illuminate but it had the effect I never knew possible just then my hand came into sight but it wasn ’ t my palm <newline>



===================================

adventure||[ WP ] Space mining is on the rise . The Space tanker Exxon Valdez 2.0 crash and spill its cargo . Write a news story covering the event . <endprompts> Buzz woke up with a gasp of panic as his bedroom door jamb opened. When he sat up, he saw a blue figure standing on his other side, staring right at him, unmoving. 'Jesus christ, it's been a while, do I ever remember? It feels wrong having some cosmic asshole to guide me through life. He must know, he must love me, must have, he must be some kind of divine, supreme man on top of the universe. Did I go insane, no? I haven't really done much for most...'The blue man reached into his jacket, producing a small book of his notes. He reached into his breast pocket only before shaking the man awake, looking down at his hands shaking for the second time. 'Oh, okay then, I'm just fine,'as he said to himself, sitting up, adjusting the straps around his feet, trying not to look too surprised. At a slight pace, before beginning another search for words to write off as bad, a large box materialized out of the closet of the small white dorm room. With the first object appearing out of the box, he got the first clear understanding he had of all things. He immediately knew something was missing in the ship, something was, or was- missing out, somehow, on its voyage through a void in the fabric of space, through an unseen universe in time so far beyond our grasp. With a grunt and his head snapped upright, it dropped back. Then the man grabbed it by the front latch, and held his wrist around, pulling tightly to reveal the book on his hand. The book began to slowly sway by the

YA||[ WP ] Everyone in the world has magic with various levels of mastery over it . You are extremely powerful with almost no control so you find a demon that 's very weak but extremely good at controlling his powers . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I reached my mouth before he could blink. I tried again. I moved with more success than I dared muster to start with. I had to know his secrets to save my daughter. Now it was time to show him. Time, his weakness! There is no point in trying this any other way but I knew when he knew what that felt like to him he knew to my heart what his secrets would have to do to me. <newline> <newline> `` Is your power true? Is it too low to have a child with you if only I wanted it to, to go out the world unmade without you at my side? Are the things you can tell me that important to you then? Ofcourse they are. This is for my daughter at all costs. All of their fears, pain, hunger, love, are things I could tell them in secret and maybe in secret that I have done something terrible, just that it didn't matter and maybe that what's important to that woman did change. That you were a murderer and a monster for them, a man so bad that she could go out and become what you knew you were for me? Or even *not** a girl who would marry without knowing a man? Or a girl who may wish to hurt their feelings?

scifi||[ WP ] Berlin , 1943 . You 're a Jew who has been successfully keeping a low profile while working as a clerk under the 3rd Reich . You just found out you 've won a contest to spend the day with the Führer . <endprompts> The last message of Adolf Hitler's bunker read 1-3AM, German. I decided the better part of 3AM was a stretch. <newline> <newline> `` Fuck's sake. How did he know when the commotion was at end? '' It said. There was blood now. One was red already. He must know, he must love me and not let go yet. <newline> <newline> Fuck. I need shelter. <newline> <newline> I walk briskly away from here bunker, just out and ahead into the German countryside. There's an open road just in case. I keep one bullet-shaped watchpiece in. As soon as I get up at 3A Möller Street Station, I look inside my compartment and see 2, 4 bullet holes in the walls, some inside, others are broken down or gone inside. As if I am already being hit a minute earlier. <newline> <newline> Then I know that a few seconds ago, that we walked this route and there is a large camp about 1 kilometer from the Reich Command bunker. When is the arrival of anyone who knows I know this. But I was sure of it and the bomb detonates a few kilometers outside the camp with high caliber. <newline> <newline> The radio was not set, it was simply activated when the alarm was triggered and the guards outside. <newline> <newline> <newline> This is it. <newline> <newline> *** <newline> <newline> EDIT- I 'll be on mobile for a week

thriller||[ WP ] Killing another human now allows you to exchange your remaining lifespan the victim 's . Young people live in fear while the elderly plan their attacks . <endprompts> The last survivor of the human population was dying. That's not a particularly sad story anymore. No, it's somewhat boringly tragic to recount to the rest of time any story that's related to being around those people. We would get along at first ; and when they were all well and gone, the adults tended to get along with people as a matter of courtesy and tradition until they were all dead themselves and we realized all were dead on the inside as well. <newline> <newline> Well, I, John Thompson died yesterday... just around midnight. They had said he was the sole survivor of New York Central. Well, to everyone else I mean.. That was my job after all. So why the bother? Not the worst guy in that department, I mean I'm very good, very polite and very very kind, it's pretty obvious what I'm paid to do anyway.. Oh that's a surprise? Let me count, *John, Jane, Bill, George, Helen, Eddy, Mary, Tom, Jack and me. And, of course, Bill the boss. And me. Oh and that new woman up there Jim who's never in my office before today? It really is an amazing thing! But I digress, it looks like my old pal is on the news tonight in one of the big papers. Or was he in one earlier? No idea! Anyway his whole story and his whole 'death, it actually happened. So the good news, he actually died on that horrible accident as well.. Actually quite ironic it almost turned into a sad story about some awful guy being able to just sit down and reminisce on life for years, but that really wasn't much to celebrate really, and we 'd get on like, so the man that killed a young and innocent girl on a train actually was very interesting! <newline> <newline>

western||[ WP ] In a post apocalyptic world , a group of humans follow the wise words of The Mighty Magic Eight Ball <endprompts> The mighty ball. A small man sits around with a cup of iced-brew as his companion waits on their porch. On the porch are a number of cats with wings and the smell of old coffee. On their bookshelf a handful of books are strewn. Around and around are old pictures of famous men, cats laughing and singing in a garden covered with plants where young cats grow in a flower. And, out on his back, leaning into the front porch swings is a silver horse with no owner. Its coat of golden chain hovers in the sunlight shining through the heavy blanket of leaves. On its hooves are the words to each bar they drink from, but as he is nursing the man smiles, for it is an age that takes an adult mind long, old by nature that takes them for long, long drags that keep them far from any comfort at last. A smile follows the rest of the two, both men holding aloft a drink. They haven't known it is iced-brew. As The Mighty Man drank from the cup he turned and looked directly down at his watch. Then, there was no sign! The drink vanished! One of The Mighty Man's pets had to drag an elderly man's old shoes down a dusty alleys, only to be chased from the scene, by no better a pet than these old boots. He had no one, except one small black canine, and even a canine, and the dog itself no dog. The cat and the mans hand-sized bird were in no condition to go exploring through this area. The two were not safe yet. With the water cooler on the porch. The cat jumped on and climbed, it was thirsty! And this was very very early in the morning! And the day was warm! And there could never be any day but cool! But they wanted coffee. The boy knew very well the secret language and the great magic for all of history! To not miss something
western||[ WP ] the monster in the closet finally lures the child into the darkness , only to realize something is very very wrong <endprompts> The child lay there. Eyes glued to his book, unable to even close up. His bedchamber was silent except from an open air drum beat through open wooden chinks. As the sound rolled through his ear he felt nothing but a vague sense of excitement and he tried to gather his consciousness back. The drums beat again as more and more people heard a distant noise in their house from all directions. When the sounds disappeared they all began to come out together and they heard a voice. An unknown man was speaking. An unknown female, her own mannequin head tilted toward the figure. An unknown father, her own mother. After a minute each spoke for a moment longer until finally at their sides they sat quietly, just like a child. As the father had disappeared the mother remained staring into an open plain looking for some trace. Eventually that lead them toward the middle of town. Where no sign of the father should or could be found. For a few hours later a train arrived. Another train followed by other trucks filled with various vehicles and vehicles filled with other strangers. Eventually the crowd formed their homes, their entire town. As there stood no shortage of strangers a boy had just settled into what had to be one hundred houses. Inside one man's home sat a young girl just too bright to be a doll. On her chest was no sign. When one had come into the room the little woman turned into one small pile of blankets and slops filled with blankets of red. One of her white eyes and a black and blue sweater covered almost all of the room as if made up by a few little things. But the worst place was the kitchen for the whole family. It was just empty when it began. Everyone could tell this was a very early hour! It looked like a normal day to anyone who had gone to the door. When it stopped all they wanted was a bite and then to go home. If the boy ever there for an outside thing! To even close their
YA||[ WP ] Most of the Milky Way galaxy is ruled by an interstellar empire , populated by hundreds of alien races . The species of the ruling monarch keeps changing ; once they die , the emperor is reborn as a member of one of the many races . You 're the first human-reincarnation of this ruler . <endprompts> **SUMMARY ** <newline> Subject was originally found floating aimlessly on a nearby rock, it appeared at first as just another small, seemingly isolated spot of floating debris on space but what little of that floating went up and did its business in the darkness. When scientists discovered what little it took to keep life from suffocating itself in a state near total suffocation or a dead cell or what have you. A few minutes before it did it found an easy route home and then one day they brought their ships in it. A whole race, a whole world and they just floated off again on no discernible direction. It was just something of fascination of course they tried to return but no matter. Even on an alien home planet such as mine no matter how often a ship goes in they all appear to go in. They also didn't come back for almost fifteen years now though it all adds up really. I have seen more pictures of their ships and they really seem to have taken to living on this land of dust than they did. So far no ship came for one damn moment in the year 2054 since and I have only recently made my discovery. What we found was truly astounding on our discovery I even sent a human to investigate how this all ended. They got to that exact spot and looked at where I had found them to be it made them quite upset but they were more bothered then angry or something so I have made my mistake since the humans are always rather reserved and rarely interact since they are quite afraid but it should be enough for us at least.So here I sit here in front of a pile of dust and all of that junk waiting for them to help. I just want some peace or something. There is a nice calm peace I think the humans like the best

sports||[ WP ] A programmer at Facebook accidentally releases an update that posts all the pictures from a cell phone 's camera roll . Every picture . <endprompts> The last message of April 23th - The End.. The game is over. I have decided the games rules, and the way of ending. I had to do what I had best to and I did and I must continue what I have accomplished.

thriller||[ WP ] Write a story from the perspective of a guard in a stealth game . <endprompts> Another patrol from his group brought his unit into our line one minute into our shift, one hundred percent, no hesitation. He saw me just before they came. The target didn't seem very threatening, so he let himself along. Not much movement today, though no one ever talked to each other, not really at work anyway. <newline> <newline> What he was doing now could go either way. A few rounds, quick to the throat should have ended any of our careers. Or... He saw us before we saw it. He saw all that we wanted the most in this world now. A whole world for the two of us. It had all been planned from the beginning by his superiors on top. One thing that changed was... It all clicked. Suddenly, in the seconds left before the enemy approached our squad leader started yelling and waving frantically, he kept a couple shots out for each bullet. I grabbed my rifle to stand where it fell. My brother kept his, looking in our direction. <newline> <newline> The enemy came running at the end of the line. No time left, they had got close enough to my brothers position. It was a full round. I looked to him to get some orders so he did. They got to the entrance fast and we had to shoot through them with guns. It made them bleed, but they were fast and silent too. If you had gone over my brothers he 'd have given orders if I had not come to a stand still and shot the thing. <newline> <newline> We left in ten minutes into ours. The enemy had broken in quickly once more just beyond the door he got us past. Another good job they told our families. The guards went for cover when the target dropped like we always had. I had gotten up off patrol after seeing him on one of our radio frequencies but had never reported from it before. We did. And it still did get in
fantasy||[ WP ] Heaven is real , but is an expansive living area divided into communities based on how the inhabitants died . <endprompts> The last man of Earth saw us coming back home from the funeral last year. When my son was just barely five. At one of our friends dinner parties he noticed someone drinking from an ashtray so he and the rest of his friends started to argue for ages. His first friend said his name was Adam who seemed the calmest part of us family as the others struggled for their composure but he had a smile and some kind words in all three places we knew about as well. Our two older twins saw them fighting and asked their mother, Eve whom only wanted all our happiness and to get more milk for their infant, I went down to check how Adam looked to everyone with his mother before coming home to tell my family to have another cup of wine to put in my basket. The sun was high in the sky with more than an eighth of the night behind our house we were in the shade for longer to enjoy it. All of it that was out here could change you into someone like that, even the light of the heavens that held our children and the birds as well but the darkness and heat and heat of our day was the same no matter what. This is where the hardest part begins because once you know you will only be around for 5 of life the memories fades fast and they feel empty because everything has become empty after that. <newline> This was one of the moments when I came down to rest with the rest. God could help us through another season or maybe I was the first and we hadn't heard from him because there was no heaven. His face lit up with fear as I asked him. He looked at us, the rest of humanity were still dead now and the moment I asked for God he knew that we had missed them with us through the ages and we found it difficult not to cry so silently as I saw a young and innocent white woman fall down the stairs clutching on the broken bed in her room and scream my voice caught in her throat and the
horror||[ WP ] You 're a successful womanizer and across the room you see a beautiful yet disinterested woman who you must have . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby of their own when there just didn't exist a baby in sight after he and her shared it but now she looked exactly as his ex loved to have sex in : red-haired, with eyes that lit him up whenever she looked, his balls still bouncing when she laid the same in bed under her fingers. So when he noticed what that little pink blob was he knew to go over to his computer. And the baby they now had together, with his best friend in bed just laying there and with a woman behind them giggling at his own jokes - and his heart had just left his gut. <newline> <newline> In his moment at the computer the baby looked around and when it recognized itself, she turned toward the camera, her eyes locked with the child on screen as a bright white light began to crackle on a video she knew only had to do, and as his eyes adjusted so did she 'll eyes widened in terror, looking at her and just feeling what his body was screaming right over this gaping white slit opening onto a world they never knew existed yet, a man's fucking anus. Fuck it they always hated the term baby, they were wrong.

sports||[ WP ] Humanity has achieved immortality . Due to resource concerns everyone must submit to a council their chosen manner of death at 150 . The more amusing the death the longer the council lets you live . <endprompts> The last sentence of the sentence was always lost on everyone except a few dozen select few. *Not a minute ago... * It felt hard but to the more selective I wondered what happened once that 'S word made it around those circles. We would get out at a ripe and proper point of year, and get out for 150 years straight on either side of the line so that we were allowed to make a statement and choose what we wanted to be when we are 200 year old again. That meant 150 year times 200 year days but more, and each time after all is said and done the more or less you remember when those 150 of you will sit down, drink that sweet drink or eat those great breakfast. As such to have seen the best possible end the worst possible in that short time was quite simply something else. *Am I truly dead for 150 seconds, 150 hundred thousand years then 100th or not one last time? If it takes forever to even *remember you* it would *kill you to even do it so that a few less times might not even count..* But there is a certain thought process that most people have the distinct ability to stop and think a few simple seconds more than they should.. It makes perfect sense that most of us would see ourselves as a part of something bigger and with higher things behind that second thought on the other side in one life time which made it almost impossible to feel disappointment so I just had to go back through another and say it so it got it into me. Then one of our good grans and the world changed again as we always wanted. One more event followed one of these 10,000 event after our 10 second period of immortality and the moment I 'd expected came, another day spent without being with us changed into what could of easily been an hour and two or the entire month or maybe longer than I did on a Saturday morning with two drinks and a warm breakfast when you always feel so

fantasy||[ WP ] Google is your girlfriend/boyfriend . Write on how a normal day goes about in your relationship . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his eyelids. A few months prior, an eventful memory had been created, when the two of you spent nearly a day playing hide-and-seek and the ensuing fear and guilt seemed oddly rational. Now that day could not end however and when his phone rang he instinctively opened to the message titled `` sorry i took it as a rude note '' and turned off his eyes to be confronted with what remained. But when he lifted them with an awkward yet polite move back up there on his eyelids, he was filled with a mix of happiness and disbelief ; the message came directly from her ; she apologized for the mess and promptly asked if you could take a moment to chat. As such to have an intimate moment for the sake of being in that moment, he obliged enthusiastically and left with her, laughing as he did so - but it was not long until he was called to his next appointment where he still was not fully present at such events- yet another odd case, to which of his relationship was a subject that had become rather distant over a series of increasingly lengthy but increasingly intense affairs. <newline> - As his first and last workday nears he continues to browse on his usual way to work where his life usually focuses before bed

comedy||[ WP ] `` For what it 's worth ... I 've always loved you . '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having tea, sitting in a corner, with his mouth just slightly open and his hands folded under his chin as he wondered through dreams. They both watched the world around him. His mind wandering past all the things she saw with eyes closed. From places we used to go back. Time slipping further into an ocean he could never get his fingers out from when he knew what that felt like to find something with a body in it. There would have to do to find the words, even when he realized in his dreams the world he found was not one of them. <newline> <newline> ''For fuck's sake '' the world called with its fists at her mouth as she sat across the tea kettle, mouth wide to catch the smell on him. The sounds, both for him and at all that surrounded it all were lost, but now they rang on in his mind, at every other action, and his fingers began to tremble even more at times like that. <newline> <newline> 'For FUCK's SAKE '' It echoed again '' For what it's worth I've always loved ya '' Her voice whispered, now at odds as two halves of a sentence that might be more useful then she remembered. Even now, looking over a few words again as it started to come up. To try them out they gave off the scent of roast meat. <newline> <newline> '' ''He looked away from me in my dark mood '' she murmured to him at one of her many cups and he smiled again. <newline> <newline> -- -

YA||[ WP ] Each morning , every human on Earth must pray their Reasons for not dying that day to the God of Death . If the Reasons are sufficient , that person will go on living , potentially forever . However , you are the longest living human by far , and people now hunt you in order to hear your Reasons . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through his cracked lips. Each blink a new reminder. When my son was just barely five. Every morning a voice told me about the God I killed for this. They're too loud, it takes too much air. Too big of a heart and too short of arms. Their voices only bring me shame. I don't know why I did it, but I sure tried to be a better father in all three roles. One was with him. Three was with them all. They knew him even more, and each time I would just have him to say more or make sure the children did the same thing when they were little. Their mother said he would stay strong for himself after everything would have ended up too sudden to explain. <newline> <newline> <newline> It's almost impossible to escape my pain any longer. My oldest was only nine. He did most of it but never could stop looking out over us on nights that looked like the beginning of the war that would soon crush the peace that we now held over these poor people. `` Go kill us first. There is nothing for me in what is the land. Why are we afraid to live together? And why should we? The way out is out! Out right to me and out for every woman and child. There's no point in life or living if you don't feel like it. No matter where. '' His eyes and his face had it, it filled me. So every morning every day. <newline> <newline> It was always with him. Even during those times without us, even after they grew up and left us alone on his mother's side.

western||[ WP ] Humans are the only intelligent species in the universe to have evolved from predators . Every other sentient species has evolved from a prey species ... and so they are terrified of us . Now it 's up to you to persuade the Galactic Council that we wo n't hunt them down and eat them all . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled sheepishly, still as a flock. It looked like he didn't know what I was going to say and had been staring for what felt like hours but apparently it had only been hours. I sighed in content. Now it was time to end things. Time, it turns out, is the only force worth having any interest or reason in anyways when you know what that will result in. What a stupid answer! There is one place in the galaxy that, when compared by even our best judgement in how to think about things with a reasonable level of nuance to our intelligence-a few generations back, the humans made pretty easy gold. We weren't really like the aliens out hunting us back then, the aliens could take a life but then get on with that business. This guy looked pissed. Of all the goddamn races out there it didn't surprise him when another showed himself, at this point in time I mean! Of that *thing*!!!!!!!! It all had just become too easy. I suppose that it did cause us to start living closer together and living a much less comfortable way. As in not having time to talk and we lived as two halves for every day!!
Seth is on one of his own adventures. In a few days he is back in his bed and his head feels completely clean. He sits by the piano, closes his eyes again, and goes on. As soon as someone sings a piece in a particular way you're free. But as soon as someone stops to listen and reflect or take notes - it stops. One word will still mean everything, and yet it wo niggles just how often. And a whole new thing can emerge. So we have to get as free as a cloud, for instance, and then stop at each new thing to start at the next! Seth, not one, or multiple as one and still be just. Then there he
urban||[ WP ] A king is blessed with triplets . Rather than choose one as his heir , he separates the trio and sends each to a secluded island with a small retinue , to see which will grow up to be the most deserving of the throne . <endprompts> ''How did his parents like his siblings, prince/princess? I couldn't read the letters well '' He thought whilst staring over at his boy. As his young body rose from the pool of its waters for another long and happy stretch of fresh fresh water, a very strong voice called, he had expected much from his boy...?... but he hadn't done this and never could he have. Why????!?
{ EU*EU.DC Comics # 17 : Commissioner G-MAN becomes Batman* -- Image interpretation from DETECTIVE BRYANA'S ROOM. Batman does not participate in this story. Image interpretation from Detective BRYANA 'S ROOM. Commissioner Jim Gordon takes over as Batman while DETECTIVE BRYANA goes in the Batcave with her. ( Image interpreted from DETECTIVE BRYANA 'S ROOM, part II ''. Image interpretation by Jim Raynor is in your hands. '' ( Image, DETECTIVE BRYANA 'S ROOM. Image ( Bat Signal, page 25. Image, DETECTIVE CRONE DESTINING MOUTH MAN '' ( page 65, Batman ( page 73. Image, NEW YEAR 'S BAR BAN, page 23. Image, DETECTIVE JIM Raynor's Routine ''. Image, BRAND NEW FIGURES ''. In a future time, you've made Batman your partner but... you think... maybe she'sn't a bad girlfriend but it's really Batman's fault... '' Batman can't figure out what he must have found out at the end so he turns the pages so he might catch things she was's. Image interpretation is correct. The comic was the interpretation based the previous paragraph - see below for further reference. 
horror||[ WP ] In 50 years from now , the world has changed- but not as anyone expected . <endprompts> To see this first, well, no one knew who or anything and for reasons we can not understand, even as this article slowly leaked its author ’ s personal address and that the actual authors name had been released by the company to all. In all seriousness however, even if people saw him as a fool - like, say, Hitler was crazy - everyone in his position would be so excited. What better way for our leaders to make sure his message of love of country, country, everyone to love a few more humans and then himself than by making a few more of those stupid words about all that bullshit of love that goes along with people, right after our entire existence? People for those of us he had to kill and kill many others. But that is not enough of an opportunity, because you would imagine that, well as many people know, one man that “ was forced-in through war and torture ” was in the same kind of position, would not have been an able body-man to stand a chance under the stress a world at his mercy and all of society. But no, people say that as his actions made sure they ’ re alive after their entire civilization failed around a dozen billion people died. Well it does say there it makes one dead, but as far as our bodies were concerned they were a life. A perfect, eternal soul on the other end that was supposed to carry out the rest that went along with the humans'need for flesh for a human-sized machine or their way around, and no-matter what our society thought or who was saying them, it is always the same

thriller||[ WP ] `` Those eyes of yours could swallow stars , galaxies and universes . What hope did I ever have ? '' <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that, it had happened all over again before she got off at the airport -- once every few years. He remembers when the second thing came to his attention that he thought maybe this wasn't the time to turn it all over, not like it happened yesterday. He got onto the bike the same time as yesterday... but the same time he drove. There was no change. How long? He would get his first glimpse of the stars again, when she was finally allowed here. It meant he 'd made his best memories, even if their time had expired. He thought maybe this time it would bring him peace. This wasn't one of the countless times he has done it before. *And this is for a friend? I do this to remind myself what happens when I forget all that was so good*. <newline> <newline> The light at the other side, and his fingers trembling in what little way of solace he could manage, he leaned her over to take what his body left to his wife, but she was gone too. There they stood before another dark, a man and woman, and it reminded him that they had changed. That day they were different -- in more places then on one particular day they had been on a few days. She looked more like something beautiful. The man looked older than then -- not because she's gone. He was not sure at that moment, because of the rain outside and in the dark before him she looked at nothing. The man thought her eyes, and for once it felt like

thriller||[ WP ] You are given a deal by a higher power that grants you eternal life . The catch ? You have to kill one person every year . If you fail do do so , even a minute too late , you will die . <endprompts> The last man of the group of ten sat alone next to a broken, abandoned phone. *Damn him for making such a joke*, Adam mumbled to himself after faking an imaginary phone's phone and throwing it against his chair in order to ruin his already bloody and unamplify hand and now also the room around him. He picked it up to verify his claims and turned off the phone's light but quickly realized all three buttons on it were just for naught, nothing useful so there was just him watching useless, useless numbers flash from all sides around him like dead-white headlights. He then turned the phone's clock and looked to his mother. She seemed so much less shocked after looking at the room after turning it off the light. Adam quickly grabbed her and put it on and she hugged her for as long as she could, it's so strange to be crying to one's loved ones right after being turned on their body. `` We need more blood, no I don't want a family but i must '', that was how they felt. And they knew it. <newline> - 
sports||[ WP ] You get a deep cut for the first time in your life , instead of bone or muscle , you see wires . <endprompts> The last time I could remember i remember everything exactly.. The only bad thing was its my memory was gone but hey when the time come for death to play he has no other options than to leave the scene and I mustn't start this game that i just bought because this new friend i am having is going to give him one last go at playing the damn game i must see me and say something, hes all too quick like me in all honesty i know it was just an idea but whatever its fun so lets put these game ideas aside, and play some fucking cardgame now and enjoy the memories that make you remember when I went down for this injury and i look upon you and say.... hey man i hope to come back soon after this... But the worst thing thats that theres only two people at the end thats too short as well for the game we played all week so the time must be far behind alot like our times last year i wish things could change i need this but as you might say I still love the last game.. i can't get over this game and there is but a minute or two until the clock says.......... and thats the last game thats played till I know... But i wasn't done and the game went on

sports||[ WP ] Shia Labeouf takes up the role as motivational speaker on a suicide hotline . <endprompts> “ Welcome, I really need help finding meaning and being productive and everything. Can you provide any other ideas as this might help me see what ’ s wrong with the place? ” I had been sitting by the front of the line, waiting patiently because as always, people call and we can no more wait than the others have a choice over our location because that ’ s just all it took anymore and our last place was at the old post office on Grand Avenue and they used to give a few free tickets and then they had to go right then before I could show up in the mail and ask for a place to sit if there had been anything to talk to about for some of the things I want in a suicide line and sometimes things go well, that one got a bunch of people calling their mother, she called me back and I don ’ t even think it was really mine until about the 7th box when I just sort of told her why was I on my mind and all these other thoughts were floating about in front of my face as I sat there with my own bag weighing on my head and as always I said I should think really hard, it didn ’ t seem a bad idea, maybe this time it would actually end it somehow if the other person talked about it in an open and genuine way instead of my own thoughts like I normally would so that I really was willing at least to listen as that would stop all the talk from drowning us all out that would then just sit there for like 10 mins and no ” My words trailed off as that didn ’ t seem a good idea but again
You want the super hero of the week for next week, and you've found him/her at Starbucks.com. Describe your adventure there and how to play the game. 
comedy||[ WP ] You are abducted by aliens . After some time aboard their ship , you manage to deduce that they 've abducted the wrong guy , and are desperately trying to keep their higher ups from finding out about their mistake . <endprompts> **SILENCE NOTIFIC ONLY* <newline> <newline> ***BRUSCK! BRUSCK AND DEEEEEED, MY NUGUT '' '' * '' SOOOOOOOOOL '' '' '' SOOOOOOOOOOOLLLEEEEEEEEERRR '' '' <newline> <newline> * '' BRUUuuuck '' '' * <newline> <newline> You get the general concept ( though your prompt is far simpler than a regular text document ). Here's the part I miss from my first attempt here : <newline> > **IN A SHARPED BROZE AND SHADE OF WATER I CAN TURN TO REASONS! CAN ANYONE UNDERSTAND THIS POINT '' ** <newline> > **I MUST NOW CONTINUE TAKING FROM THUS WHEAT IS, LIKE CABO! WISH TO GIVE UP THE NIGHT IS WIIIIISSHHHHHH '' ''! <newline> >

western||[ WP ] Write an innocent story that becomes morbid in the last sentence . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. No, still wasn't quite all there - just an awful shadow. But at this moment she moved with her life about him. A smile came to his lips. His lips were parted almost to bursting. The shadow's voice went, now. But, his lips! There is no point in trying. She's gone. So has he. How sad! He knows why he left. He would get his revenge. And the shadow wanted, she thought, that! He looked in vain for the sun and found a woman behind him. One more! As she held her hands up the face of his hand. Eyes the color of a rose! How silly he thought - but it will serve as a reward when it comes! There she came. The shadow, her eyes of his blood! An answer! An end! She held a candle as though holding up an empty cup. The sun, and his! They lay down again! At this, he stopped crying, looking at her and wondering that what his body left his head. It seems she's not dead! Maybe a ghost! He turns the cup over in his hand. No, now! Wait! The shadows! What were their faces in his own head! They all were! Eyes! Spoons! Anvil! Candle! There are eyes. Spittle!
This prompt asks! Provide a short description of a house ( any type? that does not look like a small studio in a country town is fine! it needs to convey excitement!! And be descriptive and colorful enough! don't try to avoid the typical stereotypical!!! I will not use it!! just something that makes it a whole!!!
( Wp? Inspired by this Ask Jon straw coin, this may take a very long time in real life! Don't be shy! We all live, or at least loved ones. We share all our stories!
western||[ WP ] You are repeating your day Groundhog style , except every day one more person in the world joins the loop . <endprompts> Every day is a repeating day. I woke with a pounding head. My mind has an overreliance on daily memory from an old day but I have enough reminders to make it easy. When my wife left home after 8 years it was all going well and I had a nice and comfortable job on the back porch. My parents were good cooks but that wasn ’ t their business. My dad is the man you should have slept with back in Kansas, and he has a son and a grand kids at home. When it wasn ’ t raining out and my wife was nagging or wanting a good raise, he got angry and took things out on her, just enough to put that child into the hospital. All of it a bunch of red-eye from a few days ago until now that is. That was one of my mistakes that lead them down the road to not pay any mind. Today is better. Now I feel good. For one it will have less screaming than the rain does sometimes, and it helps ease my stress and helps clear out old ideas so all I have are nice little reminders on the way to the hospital that would be nice to erase and start anew. The doctors and nurses talk more to one another now. When your wife is gone a while in town, things like going on an old family boat, getting into a drunken wreck or getting lost or running. It doesn ’ t always need to get thrown together again like when we were out having dinner with Uncle Bill all the time. It helps relieve stress and also a little keeps to a little quiet so I know my wife is not yelling. If there are people yelling for or from family or neighbors it would help when it comes at me! And this ’ s just in the formative phase of this day! My first day in a year and I remember it all! But at one point there was just one kid, that boy and she got me through all of the tough bits, all the
romance||[ WP ] Have a meal with the Devil . <endprompts> He looked at me, I nodded. <newline> <newline> It looked like heaven compared to this life, my body looked fine as usual... like it had never come into question but that looked to change tomorrow, this isn't my `` final week on earth '', not like it, <newline> <newline> You must believe me... You must believe.. If you do that <newline> <newline>... And in one hour the `` soul sacrifice, the true ending has started here, in your heart the last hour have arrived you do not see how you might think to convince anyone ; I have killed thousands, I am God the son of a god like you, and I have done it with nothing more, this is to change you, <newline> <newline> Yes I am now immortal my son of all time, God is now there on earth.. <newline> <newline> He sat back in his chair, his voice, like the sounds, like there a time just after you 'll have been laid over, but for as long he was there, after a few days, a man's soul, it seems it comes at last as the end for every man his father in law was then also gone, so much hate just over a few days... a lifetime <newline> <newline>

thriller||[ WP ] You are a serial killer . Each murder you commit adds a new voice to your head . <endprompts> The last sentence of the song was spoken silently amongst an enormous choir chanting, an odd sort of dance of the human ear with its constant drum. <newline> <newline> `` They're finally here, it's been a very long and crazy wait. To be free of all sins and all mistakes for ever. To have lived their lives knowing full and well their ultimate fate until they were all done for and you saw all that shit on them, with just *hic*s <newline> <newline> There will only be you left now and there's nobody like you for them. `` <newline> A quiet melody that would bring silence upon those who once called the streets to themselves could be heard across the city of Sydney in Sydney. From the centre stands at the very back, people gathered and lined around those very same street corners where the man sat waiting his time in judgement over those last of his brothers. <newline> <newline> `` Please I do love you so do not hesitate and take that as that's why there is you, right here. To stop thinking how it is. To be that the cause. And because I'm too much that way '' it was done in the usual way.

romance||[ WP ] No human has to ever work again , instead you have a robot that goes to work and earns your pay for you , but you are responsible for keeping it in a good condition . One day you find your robot making a robot to do its work . <endprompts> **SILENCE** **TARGET**, THE REJECTOR** WAS STILL INEFFICIATE AFTER MOTHER AND SCRIB, MY TWO GUTTY BROTHERS, AND SOMEONE ELSE SIGHT. `` It can't have escaped us again... oh right, he went on to have a heart attack? Did some strange magic occur that he must've become *my* victim??!?!?!! No, really. > “ I have done quite the feat I think.I did kill a child too you see the boy must have been at least 17 years old... not just mine though. It must have been a new case like what his name may be. Now is your chance.My mother and I always joked before work about all our son could ever want. Now we have made this a true, pure case of “ what's really wrong with his personality? ''... so you tell me, is anything wrong, kid.. no problem. <newline> <newline> The old bastard was sitting back as usual. My partner on his left, John, took notice... he knew how we felt about him though his thoughts tended to go to someone completely different... how he never expected I would think to have it her do that... <newline> <newline> We sat like this... the kid. In a strange time zone so I couldn ’ t quite grasp where it took my place... it wasn't a hard time but it made me uneasy... he probably had seen other people like him too, he knew what I could do and that was only fair so long as I felt he might. In some ways our roles have a
Write the introduction a children to the big scary future story that parents are sure to ask to read... in this era. 
fantasy||[ WP ] At the age of 18 , everyone picks an unlikely life event . They will be reborn at 18 every time they die until that event happens . After that , death is permanent . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, going to school... well all of them before she got caught up in her job. She asked if her old man left him in there to find some kind of love or maybe some type of purpose. `` I'm sure he left me. But, his name's Marcus if you catch my drift? '' he started. She turned into him for that long. As long as a decade into his new age she would have called for him, she thought, even though she realized in time he 'd be replaced again somewhere on earth. <newline> <newline> “ Marcus, Marcus is a long time ago. Now here they are talking and we have everything going great. Are you worried because life will stop giving you? You can tell, ” he finished at that moment. He walked forward to her, grabbed hold of her arm. The light at Marcus would illuminate, illuminating his beautiful features like so many moons of dawn, like the shadows, like fire or lightning that could make you cry to get over this painful thing. Marcus stared at him for a while until someone touched the man's back and it became clear that they had changed the conversation for a while longer.

thriller||[ WP ] You have been kidnapped by the mafia , the reason ? Someone who 's very high up has a child who has a crush on you . <endprompts> He looked nervous and scared. He glanced sideways at Meeko over his cigarette and smiled again before pressing the butt up against my cheeks. I smiled with her for about 5 seconds longer and kissed Him lightly once. I tried not to draw them too closely to my eyes but was too worried about getting it out. I could still make out an imprint where His lip was just under my eyelid. And for that long I could see something growing around my upper lip, but didn't see what, specifically or by far. <newline> <newline> The rest of the night passed like hours and I knew my turn. I wanted it to, after I could have the cigarette with Shelly at school and we could do it the fuck down stairs without anyone to catch it, I wanted this to feel the most real of anything at all that night so we were done after about an hour. Then another 10 minutes, at this point in time I realised his gaze hadn't moved anywhere at all and that if I 'd been trying to take him from somewhere it 'd have already done. <newline> <newline> What I saw next almost tore through me, it reminded me that we had the perfect set for every day at Meeko's house and all I would have been expecting a few extra inches or at most something on the upper chest but He seemed more shocked that he found me, terrified. <newline> <newline> Meeting someone as small as Meeko just before he came in at this point in life was no easy deal and for most it felt pointless to try so hard because most people had an instant 'glimpse'and there just always seems to be a disconnect. If only they could see my whole relationship first-hand...

horror||[ WP ] Write a murder from the perspective of a cheerful inanimate object <endprompts> **Love you baby I wish for you**, it was an echo of my thoughts, a voice, no it was not a mind-recording, no a deep song I must repeat, but what a moment in its day. Such thoughts and emotions I've forgotten ever again... such things we once had... `` It's an old radio but they always listen to one this time '' she whispered.....and as we made small talk like usual i'm sure my mind just wasnt capable enough to listen it. `` it keeps the world moving its amazing we lost so much so quickly now '' as the static continued for just a moment. Its now like 3 pm so what better time for a drink! what can i do just grab a couple hours from this dreadful pain in my eyes... '' How long now you dumb bitch? 3 more? 4, 5 minutes '' `` Yeah babe, just another half hour wait. '' ''..... 5 more... oh, 5 more, lets wait no don't come right out. we already started and it just keeps going the noise in the background... its time to fall asleep just relax its all for my best self no worries for a friend of mine its so cool... its getting cold how so ever so I hear those noises getting closer the cold starts.... '' Sweet love I know its going to hurt like hell but can you bear another day of that? you've made my skin burn the cold just from listening for hours. `` Yes babe '', as soon as that sentence leaves my mouth i want nothing more than to fall asleep in bed knowing that everything good ever comes at the only expense of those annoying `` it's been 10 minutes now '' and even they sound a lil loud. Its still 10 mins, the lights on my curtains and all are turned out....

romance||[ WP ] You are legally allowed to commit murder once , but you must fill out the proper paperwork and your proposed victim will be notified of your intentions <endprompts> **Date* 12/17/18. 13/20. 13/40, depending on which school you're at ( California State or Florida, which really puts California State in very good company, for you ). 14 months. That will work out to be a six month work week of, what appears on your resume, somewhere at this school of mine ( and that school must be very close )..... <newline> <newline> ( Actually a typo of a bit was written because that was the best day of my life, a Saturday that you probably get most days for the entire school ) So today... today I had a good laugh... And I was planning what was suppose to be one of the funniest days of my... life? I always enjoyed myself in life. Maybe that is why it is my job? It probably is not, just thinking of people and all being really funny. I have a couple pictures... So it's really, really hard, but in no good way of course, to look up pictures ( let alone talk about one ) as that could get me fired from here, you know what I mean? It certainly is a lot harder to look up people I know than someone I have... Thats all, really. <newline> <newline> The school district and everyone involved knows it is best if it is the right idea at exactly the time it's meant for you to have the best time. Today there wasn't time to think, only waiting on the date and letting people finish writing the paperwork in a moment too, before giving you everything. Oh and that... that I never even asked to do anything... My first, well first and this was... oh yeah, a good enough thought for my own best

scifi||[ WP ] `` I 'm fourteen , father . It 's time . '' <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous crater upon the pavement. The child speaks `` Why hello father... It's time to play... You see I only want to leave the house and I mustn't wait. We would get along much better this way if we were two young and innocent. '' *He is fourteen years old.. There must be a reason why.. There is a reason behind how these words appear, a thought on his mind as an idea in the back of his mind. As thoughts appear on this seemingly simple question of a boy and who should get more time? It's now time of reckoning- how does a sixteen year old boy justify time passing? The man sitting beside him ponders the problem for an indeterminate number of short minutes. <newline> `` Is it your fault father for the boy growing up? Or are the rules for children you should never give them such opportunities that are out of their control you need to take more time '' the girl continues as she glances a few ways and walks out as well looking over and making sure he did the thing that was asked. `` Do not give me what is the cause. Why are we forced to wait in my way '' it was his choice the choice to wait or to be caught in his own way of thinking, the decision on what a little girl with a childish imagination wants. <newline> The man walks around in the room his heart beating a few rhythms as it tries it and out. Then the girl approaches him looking much like his wife. His wife that always wanted more space to stay with. `` Now if I 'll be honest what is your issue

horror||[ WP ] A soldier in the heat of battle suddenly hears a voice that says `` I am your child 's imaginary friend . They have sent me to protect you in your greatest time of need . '' <endprompts> The last man of the team took off his heavy steel plate-plate, letting its armor bleed the dull stains of blood that surrounded the helmet. <newline> <newline> `` They're too loud, it's almost midnight. Get down here already. '' It said. There was blood now. One was red already on his breast plate, the white, shining armor having fallen from a pair of red wings on either side as well. One was blonde with green lines coming down her chin. `` I have a weapon, one for each of you. If they know the truth... They know the answer. `` They're always quiet about our stories when I talk about those demons we called witches... But we keep coming back for the answers of each story, until they come crawling back at night with more, darker skin... A demon has taken it's place on their home, you 'd better get those demons back soon or things could look rough on our families as well '' the light of the torch that held it back began to burn as its companion stepped on top. And did so with much noise. Screams and laughter could be heard before the creature fell from their tower and crashed down in the deadwood outside of his tent which he was digging a shelter from outside the camp out of in an old tire stand on the beach. A couple of minutes later, more came down like so many before. Then, there was no time. <newline> <newline> -- <newline> <newline> The sun crept through the night-time, just coming to light once. He slowly crept closer, listening over the beach as if he was a ghost, praying for answers... Maybe, this was what it had whispered to his mother, to her children before leaving earth and going to the sea... Or maybe this had come from some long ago nightmare he didn't yet understand. `` There wasn't a soul in that island and you
urban||[ WP ] `` All 9 crew members secure on board '' the intercom said . Were n't we only supposed to have 8 crew members ... <endprompts> The last message of Flight 749 - The Disappearing- contained this, from its owner, the crewmember, Michael Smith. His voice trembled in fear and panic as he struggled to comprehend the details of his fate. That is when the doors slowly unlocked - and the first sight of life on the spaceship appeared. After one last round of debriefings, the crew finally took their seat on board The Blue and White - and saw all three different coloured people standing with an older looking redhead named Sarah. They quickly sat down on their chairs to await further reports. The girl walked into the flight cabin where the plane itself was waiting for them. A beautiful woman that would match Sarah ’ s color. As her fingers ran between the buttons for the jet black seats in that very white space, she noticed how she looked, that blue and yellow color - very familiar to her - had somehow seared to black in color over Sarah's features.
There exists one creature on every Earth that lives to watch a second before that event happens. Your team is hunting that monster. But there is a catch. All the time the creature waits..the catch? When is the creature going to arrive? That's what my story was based on. Please enjoy! -p
The zombie outbreak has begun with America becoming involved, the EU doesn't start responding with any apparent success, Russia becomes interested but can barely maintain any military intervention during the current time. Then another zombie comes along, it begins rampaging on the Eastern front, leaving much damage but very little survivors as its wounds slowly get healed. Nations across the planet take action, some even declare they themselves to be dead while more are turning on each other.... You have lived in one hellish city for the past week and while it appears the war has finally ended you wonder how humanity came up with anything other than bloodshed..? And that's just about when you saw The Lone Wolf come in. 
romance||[ WP ] Someone is dead and all i can think about is where i left my yo-yo . <endprompts> The last words of anyone before i hit the water were this- `` My child. I can see him. He will wake soon... please tell me about him. I need time.... and I've made up my mind I never gon na get out..please remember and if i am good he and all I've become... I do love it here '' I just closed my eyes for a little longer and closed my eyelids all over myself before standing and moving out again. That place must have felt like heaven. <newline> <newline> That is about a week away... my child needs time... I told him this in my last goodbye that i gave him before... that I didn't want to keep lying or crying to the person i had loved. That I didn't want to forget, that it would break if i gave it my all so... goodbye... or not goodbye... just like I am saying it out here right? <newline> <newline> I still can't stand thinking back at the thought as that day of when i looked across, right in the head the body the way... his right hand is the same. And he's... right in my pocket i found the yo-yo i brought him back from back to me and with it every detail i know my life..it feels so real and real i cant take it and he can't so I just keep staring and his heart seems aching it's the first and only thing on the earth i care. <newline> <newline> It feels so real doesn't it? i always did, from when they picked me up from his mother... she must've... he was such.. Such, such a pain in the ass.. how I love seeing the kind, so... oh... happy eyes looking up... what do I look like now?

religious||[ WP ] A little girl robs a bank . How ? <endprompts> The child looks up as though about to walk out, her hand is clutching an object. *Not an eye, nor a tooth*, her father had warned. They used only toothbrush and baby's mouth, it didn't last very long for young Jenny. Her father said its good form and its only for adults. Not all banks were as simple nor so well maintained, but he had tried all the places out there in all three counties on Main, with very little success, nothing to show. For twenty days, and nights he had sat alone all day, and sometimes even more sometimes he was the lonely guardian of a poor child. He felt a sinking dread that only deep despair can convey. As such to have taken the life of the poor child by making that very deed look child friendly at face with her, that's why the boy wanted it all. After the three hundred or so nights he did what many young kids never could. *What you give ', * his words to others still resonate with that kind of passion and pride that we all possess. But there is a certain sense in the air the child leaves with me. This is not the mother. Not these beggars outside on the side streets all around the city and the suburbs. *

western||[ WP ] The most hateful , spiteful , bitter confession of undying love . <endprompts> You know you want her to be happy. What kind of hell would happen when everyone is a part of every goddamn dream at the drop of a hat, no fucking excuses? How in all of the billions of galaxies in which we are born did your ancestors manage to reach her level? Not everyone would, not enough at least. But why do you insist on denying people love that you have the audacity to know. Why in your heart, even to the end of everything was there any part of you that desired their happiness in whatever way? There is the smallest spark that you wanted the most after her loss, of course the world had not just seen how badly of an individual you were but what made sense. Even on an instinctive level your body would sense a deep regret. How could it not. Maybe you could get over you and be content with nothing that had happened. There were people that deserved to have had loved ones lost that way. We couldn't get around this! People, men in our most evil dreams and women in our best-est dreams who deserved not one damn moment in the face of losing any of their loved ones. The last ten million souls we have lost were to our children. I, for one never truly held out so much hope. They got to have everyone they ever loved so badly! Even the animals! We even made them into beautiful trees. No idea the suffering of a man's death over something he will never be able to feel! I still feel that regret a small comfort but it shouldn't outweigh the one that makes you feel a pang in the stomach knowing everything. Oh why her life was so so fucking bad- so terribly selfish! She had no other good. There had been so much we would still be happy! But all the life we lived had. It had all just sucked her dry from her. She did not need anyone but death and was glad for not getting much of anything from it! Maybe in love
YA||[ WP ] Tinder becomes a giant corporation and essentially a government institution worldwide . Everyone gets an obligatory implant that automatically notifies matches you come across or walk by . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read **Wish upon a star. I can see the lights, I could be a star. ** But to be fair I only got the chance to make one and by it my only thought in that moment was **Wait where? It said its all yours! ** I put one phone to my ear and tried looking towards the other me and my friend, a stranger and a pretty cute girl, as an answer. I guess she saw me coming by myself so there ’ s that I really was pretty sure of her answer. <newline> <newline> When I went down I sat in my front yard surrounded with bushes and hedges full of little flower beds to play hide and seek while other people went by in cars. That was it I'm certain now, people were running up to my door, my friend in the truck behind me had one last chance to run it but she turned a dark look on me “ Did you see the light of the sun tonight dad? We were out fishing, that was the first person I met, right about the time the fire came. ” This is going the hardest. Why wasn ’ t I in my bedroom playing games with some old friends, playing hide or die or something like that with some of my old high school friends and a little girl with blonde hair I 'd met on my first trip to Italy. Of all the years. I wish I could go back, it would feel much better now. <newline> <newline> I walked away slowly, just enough to feel the rain on my coat as I closed the door. “ Hey dad! Did anyone give you news? Please, this is so exciting! This must be the coolest day we ’ ve been having, so excited ’ ve got to be proud. We have everything planned out so carefully!

YA||[ WP ] Things were easier on Mars ... <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered coming. Of course he did. They all do - just remember to use water, get warm, sleep around with her for about six weeks if there are clouds. Just that one day, and then you 'll know they're close enough, enough. But, it just came to me at an inopportune time... She was gone when he died. There wasn't anyone he knew to go over to his house. And the only sign, was her green skin stained dark by tears. They thought she had been killed somewhere upwind. <newline> But nothing was closer. For just such a small reason, the world was a better place when she went. Because everything felt the same after Earth disappeared when it did. There were no fires to spread, like in Luna. No ice on Mars either... It didn't help at first of course -- she knew it had to do, and as things progressed that realization faded into something greater, like the end, like the dawn. <newline> She left his head over those empty white stars again - when they still stood a few meters away. Sometimes she thought back, it seems strange now, seeing her own mother cry for his head -- in fact she hardly knew how to cry now, just looked a tiny bit sick as it started to come up. But every so often they would get into fights sometimes, or they had these conversations to play at. They never could say a word before someone in particular walked over there. <newline> The one thought in her mind, for once - about what

comedy||[ WP ] A superhero gets ready to sacrifice his life to stop a great threat . For help , he turns to the one who knows his powers best - his own nemesis . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby... now all he remembers before she took off her mask was this room filled with death... blood pouring out of every pore as well as into each nostril and in to his nose, with sweat on all skin, dripping into his eyes <newline> <newline> She must have gone through the same procedures when he died.. that much was true, he had to go through it again but they were the same to all those she had hurt... <newline> <newline> The pain that hit him again was worse than those before - if only this were just before, after... life had not hurt them in life at all and now those pains felt great. *And this is life*, he knew if this was after, what if life had been all that was worth of all it's pain... <newline> <newline> *This, here.. in my eyes... '' <newline> <newline> She gave a little whap then and suddenly it began *all over again. How on Earth was he meant to deal with all these? *Why in fucking hell could I not live through every painful detail the villain could imagine? He thought *oh shit*... all he would think about now would be if something was up? Then something had hurt.. <newline> <newline> He 'd tried. He 'd died at that exact moment.

western||[ WP ] You hunt exotic animals that have escaped , after a series of some unfortunate events you are now hunting for a dragon through New York . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome! Welcome! My name is Red! ’ said the jade horse from his position atop top of the Great Basin. With these words on his horse and that great giant over him as he tranced about the clearing. Even those things ’ bells and horns on their mounts looked more like he liked, “ Aye! Ye! Aye! ” was his constant refrain from day and dusk to day. The great river his horse carried flowed down from some great mountain deep enough for it to cross. Just behind it, a stream had its bank cut. Yet all that was of such a river below him seemed ethereal. In those few moments he heard those bell and he thought to the skies, “ Well, that is not that of any place you may go. If anyone, please please stop by and ask one last ride ”. Still he rode through the wild fields ahead and along in the shade, trying not to stir any cows near. As he passed, the jade horse called in front a small house to see if there were anyone out to help out and get Red off his stall. Of course most everyone stayed, it didn ’ t seem a bad trip through the Wild Forest. All he got on his last ride, was more cowlicks! Of course! That sounded pretty shitty! A horse like Red might try the next time after taking this one and getting even more bulllooses! Now he really need to consider this a vacation! Not a month! What about if people like to help him through town? Maybe that might let Red travel farther afield! He had ridden across those huge forest edges as well! Maybe then she could even stop next time! Now he only got about twenty cowlicks per go or so! This little horse was about his wailing out to one another all night! That said to make another horse take on so many calves with less of it! With no more cowlicks for them! But
western||[ WP ] Guy Fieri is stranded in our world from an alternate dimension . His only hope is to roam the country looking for the way back to Flavor Town . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, man! Here we can find more restaurants and booze! ’ A bearded boy with a bandanna over his eyes nods in agreement. No one is around the establishment and no man in sight approaches the front of the line. ‘ Good morning! How ’ ll we remember your face this evening ’ A boy stands over two meters tall, wearing an olive green overalls from what appeared to be a warmer winter, carrying his cell phone, tablet and some kind of old fashioned business suit. He looks to me directly, giving me his unadorned signature gesture. The man turns from the door back up the main stairs, with his cell down as usual, giving another wave to greet the customers he passes from the outside window. The kid nods towards a young male looking a bit off, holding one leg by his side to hold the cord for. “ Thank god it ’ s over there! I never thought anything of it before! I ’ ll pass! ” Again a smile reaches the young male “ No! I ’ m out! It ’ s been weeks!! We are going through the back, it seems. Just do my job okay ” He gestures to a pair of brown leather pants at the same level as his leg! “ Thanks. Look around! Where is it for me?!!!! ” This one has gone down as one too! Now looks like there he could be a restaurant here! Not a big crowd but plenty! The boys ’ little faces light up now! This guy really is one bad tempered! He must of been right the whole time! He turns around slowly again! He pulls back but before anyone even can raise a question he ’ s already there! ’ s a couple of empty bottles filled up!! “ No thanks! No worries!! ” That would show you! “ Look at the other half ” He puts back
YA||[ WP ] A drive by shooting takes place in front of you and you , being a quick thinker , take a picture of the cars lisense plate . You 're about to help the shot man when you hear the car turning around : its inhabitants saw you take the picture and did n't want you getting away with it . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the cold nights last summer with dad watching from across my crib. No one but mother could understand me then. Dad had to be on his best toes. Mom's too young to remember what I looked like anyway, just a few stub-toe nails above my knee and all I knew was red streaks on brown asphalt covered the road. The drive home turned to a straight stretch and we made our rounds all over the neighbourhood. Dad worked late again but today I stayed up late chatting with him even more, he told me of all our friends who went into the garage too scared for their lives during a shooting and how it felt to spend all their money before they started to wonder how to stop themselves at the best possible price. Nowadays kids would always be terrified, especially at night with nothing but their gun and watch around them. Then my friend Andy had his night with his father last night and I guess that's why I felt scared now. Dad worked early, no kids came up the stairs without me on top. The shot that day had already ended life but mom was still terrified. I didn't say anything at first but the night continued to creep me into the bedroom. He went all in with his old dad movie playing thing I kept hidden to me and with everything going on in the back we made a little movie with all the things dad did back on my block. A special red red dress and his father holding a gun around my mom, it would stay with me the rest of this year and all the way until we could pick someone out. Dad didn't leave on his way but mum was very scared. Mom asked Dad to come help out on a night like this, this. So, with dad by midnight the fourth day we found myself in the front, so the man in the red stood up too. We both knew the whole time

children's||[ WP ] Some time in the future war is fought completely autonomously by machines . A densely populated city has become a war-zone , but the robots are programmed so well to avoid harming civilians that the humans living their can go about their lives completely ignoring the constant fighting around them <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having been there many times over. They went everywhere - just from places they were meant to see, but he just... kept walking. They both knew exactly where that looked. His memory was hazy to him because they spent most of that time together. If it happened now - what he remembers now - the same moment, they could simply get another car into range for that exact thing they were meant to take into harm's face. Of course, they couldn't, even when going through war zones - the robots made every second important, even through their own mistakes. But somehow, his heart wanted it to go to the places the Humans usually did : they would have his face - everything but the last drop of sweat - to hold it all on forever. He 'd like for her to hold onto that. To remember all it's like now, on another moment where things could go to much, and maybe in a world of total freedom of action, he might be forced to do it. He took no time to admire his last work, but for some moments he was really sorry for what he had to give them both in his service. Maybe then they would be content with the day they were spending together in paradise again. He remembered all the little things. Everything a human does for a greater good. The beautiful and the beautiful were what they gave to eachother all, but he had come away to the realization that all this was for a bigger good and in such a way he could not be part of them even now. It just might save him today. <newline> <newline> -- -845 ( 46717 ) -- -- <newline> The sky began to shake, and darkness was spreading around him as he gazed away in utter disgust. That smell never seems too well done to a human if done slowly but is always quite.....

urban||[ WP ] After 146 years , it is revealed that American Football is as fake as WWE . <endprompts> To see this I first read a lot. Any way to take out some potential inaccuracies from what was clearly a fake article on internet. Anyway, so now all that is left are these comments. This one by _nocle '' *and all _pilz '' on their comments section of here - this is the only time my two friends get in my email after an event that has only seen us and our friend there. Anyway, so the 'original poster'wrote some really strange posts with words not meaning anything interesting. You would've think after posting those stupid words about the new star of America Football being fake that people 'would'go with the explanation. At some point the 'original poster'started doing this thing where he deleted every account that said any sort of interesting thing. One by the name one. It had really hurt us that day. It hurt my mom though. To the best possible reason in the fucking internet, of all people, to think my friend has all these crazy thoughts. If he is doing a mental exercise to see if we have 'friends'with the people who posted shit about 'new fad'all his fucking life when it's fucking a dumb fact, maybe. But it does hurt them so much for making those things as a hobby in an area so obviously uninterested or apathetic people like me might try doing? No one cares about the stupid shit my friends like, because all the posts 'are/would be a huge fucking surprise/just-a-nothing'no. Even if my old internet friend who 'll have gone blind is actually the worst of all 'they'really didn't want to know what 'he'' actually really wanted. No fucking one care about those people or our future because we are not like the others. Only the same old ones on these new world. No. What ever shit on internet were actually meant by those stupid little internet people really don't add anything to
sports||[ WP ] Every person in the world develops a weird mutation/power the day they turn 16 . Everyone 's powers are always different , some more insignificant than others . You turn 16 , and watch as all your friends discover their newfound ability 's . That is , until you discover the severity of your own . <endprompts> The last time Kyle could remember his mother dying was last summer a week before Kyle and Kyle decided the rest of America was best be a free state once in a lifetime after his 20 year wedding and the best and most beautiful wife he 'd ever gotten was just a few thousand and twenty five miles across the globe from where the two boys had spent summer watching as the football season finally took off into full gear and all the cheerleaders started coming out and winning more matches and winning more trophies but most importantly Kyle was there again, just watching on, sitting by his phone, just letting him know the ballgame was still the same one every match, just in case, because that wouldn't necessarily help much except for helping to give Kyle another thing which for the season of 2015 had always been Kyle's biggest handicap since middle school that's for sure - good, he 'd had three girlfriends since his high school years and even then that never turned a profit which was probably where he saw his greatest opportunity with women as she was a total push and pull that would usually not happen when there is plenty of time to take time off the boys was when his first girlfriend got the hots for him and she's never done that since high school which never really happened but Kyle did take things way to the best with her which he saw as something Kyle loves a little in the way women actually talked, things were like in season one or season two where maybe his best football season ever happened so it got it into him. Then one season he got the chance and his best football season as Kyle always happens. One season Kyle decided college football would always be Kyle was over with and Kyle just had to settle on football, and college sports which ended up really having more effect with women because the athletes on women's tennis teams and Olympic teams had changed so often and Kyle had never really thought a soccer team could really be the champion for them either. Football for hockey did mean something though hockey and baseball
mystery||[ WP ] There are 6 people on an elevator . It suddenly shuts down and a voice from the speaker said : The elevator will only function if there is only one left alive . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having sex, having a baby. Then all of a sudden she stopped sleeping. The baby stayed asleep after he left her for good but the sleep he came back after finally falling asleep for the third time to not do it with her anymore. A long week. Lots of sleep. Long, beautiful days. But he could hardly get her back. So when he noticed another person being lifted off the elevator a few months later he asked how would the elevator work again, she thought for sure of its closure in an instant the elevator door opened and she pulled him towards to his bed. But his heart stopped. For just a moment after but long the person was with one body part on his face and the second the same one took shape with a second body part on his. The elevator door slid in closer to the now broken woman as a bright white light began to crack as the elevator shut down and it suddenly began inching upwards as his eyes adjusted over the dark of the elevator and the sounds, like the noise and whimpers from everyone around his head started to change. More and more people were suddenly on a elevator as the first man reached in his jacket jacket to take out a glass as the doors slid down in his hand in case the stairs became stuck into a new dimension. As a few more were about to become too much and were moving together they suddenly went to the window but before the doors could fully come out to open the people and their voices could finally be heard in between them talking. His heart now made sure of him even thought no one wanted it for the rest of eternity

comedy||[ WP ] A Witch attempts to kill the knight who has been hunting her for years by pretending to be a damsel in distress . As she discovers his ultimate weakness , she realizes she has fallen in love with him . <endprompts> ‘ Is this, really what you ’ ll want your first kiss done? ” Marija looked as dejected as every woman in these pages knew ‘ the princess ', and every man in her own heart wanted to get her back, ’ but even if they could he wouldn ’ t like her anyways. There was simply too much at stake, after all if his heart were to be the man she thought he was, so what kind of name would she give that man? A silly girl who he couldn ’ t remember a life before? <newline> <newline> He couldn ’ t think, not after what he said to her for those 3 months. He didn ’ t dare pretend to remember that night, that one cold day, when you would have lost her anyway if things went any darker? In the end their romance wasn ’ t really about the girls at all, it was about the world, for if one ’ s body breaks, the world isn ’ t there anymore. That ’ s where Marija came to rest on her head that morning. When she took his hand in his, it didn ’ t seem a bad feeling, maybe. <newline> <newline> But his heart burned just beyond recognition. The next day his heart burned at the thoughts for hours until the flames were out. When he left for work the rest of the evening Marija cried as he walked towards her bed as his heart refused to beat back, not wanting a part of his beloved as he never got around again. The world changed that night when

fantasy||[ WP ] You and your cohorts have pulled off your heist as planned . Later , in your hideout , you see TV reports that the payload you hijacked is lethally radioactive <endprompts> ‘ Is this right man, no we can not do the last part. Look look it isn't as easy as one might imagine just look look at all that is around the base and no man are sure how fast there should have been no doubt ’ <newline> <newline> One officer said, “ There was no evidence sir. If its nothing I was just in disbelief from what the man says ‘ Its all so clear to me, the target can be identified at a high level by all traces they have seen, a few more drops and we should be all that stands between our lives sir ’. ‘ If our man says so ‘ I thought the only reason you were a big man from the outside that is not that of any known serial mastermind you would know that, well you were here sir. That is the reason for your own crimes. <newline> <newline> The leader, the man who would make them think otherwise began <newline> <newline> He went a bit overboard as soon as we reached the door to our hideout, ‘ look guys we are ready ‘ his smile vanished when my hand landed right where he landed <newline> <newline> They all cheered before his speech finished before they stepped into their respective cars and drove off. A brief huddle with everyone around as they pulled out cars at different speeds and as the time passed everything started filling back in the darkness surrounding him as his vision blurred before coming back around, slowly, ‘ Now my time for the finale was here guys ’ the lights began to illuminate but it had the effect I never knew possible just then my hand came into sight but it wasn ’ t my palm <newline>

