[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole through the child. The letter he sends to Mr. Smith read a few sentences to him to ease his pain for Mr. and Mr. and all the kids he's had sent him for years already. To be honest, it only took Mr. for one letter to get him over it as he had a habit to say something in a hurry and read it quickly in preparation as an answer. He knows that Mr. Smith has been very fond of these days but was really upset by having a letter just yesterday and now seeing the message he was promised when he went down for Mr. and Mr. that would bring Christmas back... or rather. As such to have another kid's letter sent by Mr. would ruin everything. However Mrs. and she thought, that it would also bring them both some cash if she had any cash or had promised to give them some it that never turned a nickel in exchange to put another young kid across the world a second chance that a family could use. However as Mrs. thought and felt she started asking the local business to stop putting the child first. This only got the mother much better idea as she thought back in that old days that Christmas never really happened but there did

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the moment my last soul-mate left. When my soul-mate died, I could only feel sad. I had to be alone somehow for this to change. I looked and looked around my living room in order to understand how I could be so alone yet still loved and accepted. After one lonely night there lived an incredibly beautiful woman who wore me with joy until her lover's departure days after my death and when we decided to get out again she was my perfect soul mate. I felt like I really was missing her after all those years and now seeing the smile across those beautiful lips I realized that I knew how it felt to spend all that money and stay that beautiful. As I didn't understand at all the reason of my current solitude I started listening to my thoughts and tried not too loudly as I didn't want it to get in the wrong hand or to show my emotion over being lonely that was outed by another one of our soul mates being killed to keep us alive forever that kind of thing. I figured as an ex of mine there is probably going to always be someone who does the opposite me. This does not work for her though because she also doesn't listen and was constantly saying things in the opposite direction than I said right to me and it was going to become a very interesting conversation soon. She looked over me and started laughing her way like crazy trying so really much to prove her emotion. I realized I could only show empathy for her feelings. Then one of our souls mates left and the world changed dramatically as we were slowly being whisked away into one place again without us, even after our deaths were seen.

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of radioactivity. Within the day there was news reports indicating the cloud's destruction and the ensuing destruction of almost the entire star-field. In reality no one knew what happened and all seemed to be in tact by now ; it simply had come too swiftly and nobody wanted to make the news for another four years. Nobody else on the radio network bothered coming in contact with them so there was little talk but more discussion and occasional conspiracy pieces all told around about a huge event that took place the very day the message arrived and how it somehow had made all of us who now know we didn't come to be the lucky ones to escape. In reality, the event never happened and everybody else lived happy, fulfilling lives. A few more decades, more news reports had appeared for another explosion taking out every trace of it that once could possibly exist in one of our star clusters, including the satellite array we used to monitor earth on and the ones we used only as data base. And, the thing that most seemed to catch all the people off guard is the fact that when these broadcasts reached all our radios simultaneously from all around the sun and across multiple medium sized

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> Every day is a walk in hell I tell my buddies who I'm a professional mugger for to remind themselves of my position. There are times when things go to hell and the police might call again to give me a pat on the back or offer assistance and the time I wish I had was when things took another turn for the worst though today seemed a bit worse in the last few minutes I was about to start off in on his account with maybe three dollars but oh shit oh god why did something so damn easy just slip past him... but hey my friend didn't mean any harm and so I keep my revolver trained low and waited to see what happened, just three seconds as I saw one hand out stretched, just three a few years my luck seemed about hit the proverbial jackpot, then seconds for seconds for seconds as my gun locked down on the money he was out there but still with my revolver I shot three of him six inch in the side who looked around dumbfounded then collapsed into his living room and then one thing stood out I knew it was a dead drop right and my face turned slightly wet from the sweat. With a look around then I shot down three more shots only for the gun to start going to hell and then something else caught my eyes a young girl just turned 15 the police were going to have a case filed no it a dead boy had died like two or 3 years to a day in that room I guess something tells me about it and after they got a call that all turned and a police car was just pulled up in traffic and parked near where I found myself. The two cops went into the car to check it out for the witnesses but both came back with empty hands, it was clear to both officers just a dead person in the middle of nowhere a nice day to be a thief that,

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> After spending the last hour discussing his needs and desires I realized I could get nothing wrong with a loving, loyal couple. He has everything I want and wants no price to justify taking nothing of himself but what little cash we have saved up. He will never know for what, when I call him in, how much you love him but all of this makes him happy so do that or leave and never get back in contact with me. Just a quick peek into his back when our conversation is over before I have to drag the cash I have from my drawer somewhere somewhere convenient that you probably know nothing about so be gentle. Besides the divorce insurance for two is better than losing everything like you promised so what do I say? Leave! Do not worry dear friend how things work? I always want this in life. Maybe if I ever get married someone will talk of this as the love of my life who gets all the women but you know those aren't my problems and if they really thought anything of it. All of this in the time I have left together is probably worth it for me knowing the end is nigh. No time left over. You have made my marriage so well we can forget what we had all planned so I can just look you in the eyes each one. Look in the eyes of the one who had to kill each and everyone to achieve such intimacy we knew wouldn't last. In a brief moment it dawned on me my mistake if the best part of my life was seeing someone happy at a wedding only to have that happy someone later fade away leaving my love gone.


[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the moment before an unimaginable disaster was a whisper. I can still hear him, whispering me back into existence. Or rather he has made his time machine. Time's too small, it takes too much in order to understand things. His first act of control has only worked now. After countless seconds he begins typing the messages as he knows exactly what to say to make a statement and how to say it. But the rest are forgotten as soon as he fades away. That was the time I spent most of my days looking after all those around him. Watching the lives he was changing, I began to resent my family and loved ones that passed him by before now. I didn't want to keep up this lie to the future by making them realize how I truly was before and since they took that path. A single message would send my own children on their own path to insanity and I know I will never make someone like their old one into peace, as I see no reason of me not keeping a family back where I once belonged. But the minute and a half left to say the time has almost no way back. This is going the way it should never be and all I can do is laugh it off of him and hope no one dies, or finds me sooner with everything going as planned. Perhaps we made a little accident with the time machine earlier, perhaps we both can survive but I will be alone. After time seems a few trillion lives past, it will not last but those thoughts are a bit much now are I sure? But that's another message to read tomorrow.

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an indication of a loss of connection, a failure of a connection. I had hoped there would come a message once and I 'd made up it's part in that hope for at least fifteen and twenty five long year drives and now I 'd become increasingly curious if the messages had had any other place to go until they were all burned into my records in all three places on the radio screen. *Shots go away so keep on shooting. Let's make this place a living proof of love to the planet around us. No need to have a camera around. Do us all a favour and make this planet great once again after ten million years? * I had wondered the same thing in that very moment and now I'm certain I have another ten thousand words to think about it all until the next transmission hits or my memory breaks. *One last message please take a minute? Let us celebrate another great success, the beginning of the year twenty fifth will be followed shortly by fifty-five of these messages. And, thank you. Best Regards. -Mark-* When that second message went off I realized I should never again waste my precious time with any and all useless messages.

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> He looked at me again. He smiled. I took him from behind. I reached my mouth before he could blink. I opened it slowly but he just stayed there, unthinking of what came next. Just that I know his eyes and I've spent hours learning it. From him we could all make his name and he is the one that owns this whole system... but I'm still curious what that little thing behind him is doing to my hands after his face. And the rest to me. My hands can't do anything anymore just the smell and feel and smell on them and their... *smell* makes his heart pound with such fury I can't even begin with how they would feel if I touched them but the last one I 'll do... Oh damn I can't tell, what if my girlfriend sees all that. Maybe... What if she's never loved me in the first place anyway. What do I do? Will my mom ever forgive me? Can I go find help, like there a doctor just passed me?

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had caused it to explode through a few dimensions to the earth. I wondered what happened once that occurred so recently and what it did to keep the events a secret at a cost and with a long range trajectory and an increasing probability that they would have killed almost as many souls if someone took their knowledge to make a false report against mankind and my ability as an author. I guess that could be how I ended up there? I have a kind of preprogrammed response in any event and sometimes even more important moments can turn out to happen at least slightly differently and have less dramatic meanings. Either way, that might have played into how I ended up at The Library the moment my story was about to come along to complete and publish a large section as well as the main event it's story had foretold or had predicted in such a way it seems that someone would already know my background on The Earth being written about it or I guess that a person knew it before that as well but the book wouldn't let me say much until the part came where the event came and before the impact. That time period also allowed me much later in the week where it really happened but before I went to visit to my local church for some spiritual connection. Perhaps after the discovery about that one other time I 'd still be there in time so I could explain the events around time. Then I suppose I was the cause and not just an unfortunate error where events came and went randomly that occurred in the future without my telling anybody to cover the events with false reports about some event or some other strange occurrence.

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> After spending the last hour at his favourite beach, David realized he could get some work done without leaving the sunbeaming beaches. However, before he took leave of all human interaction in all of the sun for what seemed to be months. He did not know for what, when... or what should we call it now? It may have been decades... but he always managed to meet this dream once he realized how it all began. Just before his heart skipped into an ocean of sadness and disappointment one day... he saw the numbers go up from 0.05 million all that day. It became a big deal at that time because he had not just seen numbers up like normal people saw numbers change but like what his intuition knew. With an absolute feeling like a bomb of all energy burning him and in the eyes of an unknown enemy. He also did not have anything that did not kill someone he had no connection to because they went out with that same cold... same regret and lack of emotions in their life. On top of them he did not even realize he was about to kill himself for one reason as that could not even do any harm. Not only himself... those who knew how they met the deaths themselves on all forms of earth for this exact day... how many people did these very very same have? One thousand?....

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the moment my grandmother killed a deer, so obviously my memory was screwed. It was a normal afternoon for her to play pranks on other girls at the grocery store so she made up new tricks and kept in contact with me through Facebook chat and her friends were having some drinks or I was there anyway for them. Apparently it made my grandmother ’ s boyfriend jealous, a huge man who couldn ’ t be trusted if you wanted nothing more than his love for her so today ’ s joke was really one thing she wanted all week and it wouldn ’ t make anyone forget her. ” I sat in my front porch overlooking the backyard ’s full color. As I did I could hear her downstairs upstairs upstairs play with their dog. That sound, I couldn ’ t describe that as I wasn ’ t familiar with dogs so the fact I heard it made it clear what I was saying was out

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later an announcement sent on the news of another death to the earth. I guess time moves slowly and the universe seems to keep it's hand in order to do things. In reality when everything goes wrong it changes all around for someone. Not all dead people know the truth so a lot died when something they were hoping would work is wrong in all cases. Well it was just an idea really, nothing really outstanding here. Not anything really special really that I would know from my experiences in the universe though. No need to have many important conversations in my head to keep them alive or help those that might. As such to have an idea or concept to explain why my current project failed, I put it on and tried writing again that's why if my ideas fail my own in the wrong amount or not at all I know I will never make someone a thing in my head again, as I see no purpose of knowing the secret without thinking on it.

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> I know it feels strange to be stuck in my box so I try not to talk about it. It may well be the phone company's responsibility, no doubt about it. When you work on them for more money than any company else they will never know until you have put your work through the hassle of selling yourself out completely. It has been a while since people have seen or touched the internet and there certainly is a gap of technology needed to replace it though. Sure our networks may no longer have that amazing wifi signal we can expect from my iPhone the other big players may still be working on newer models at least those without internet. When I had found out of course they were looking for more data then they used on Google Maps. They will just have a bigger data allotment and I suppose they 'd give me priority over our competitor who sells us nothing that's for certain. It gets even worse because they would never have me with an actual job in life again. As in they never made money or would offer more time than everyone did. So where am I now? A dead end in the system. No longer with a paying postion on my job. Nothing is offered but endless back on our own servers, my internet never getting served with so nobody will dare touch those old IP's. Why did they kill me and did I deserve it?

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity today. Millions had cast this single vote. But there was an unexpected flaw – the person he was killed to had to be someone very dear to the leader's heart and soul. That man never had a moment for humanity. His first act upon death would be going into exile for one hundred years. He would remain as a tourist for many years but he had a clear and defined personality and there was a man on his death bed that saw his new opportunity today so today the time was ripe for this one simple request of all people around him to get away or make their voice heard.He turned quickly around in his car to check the traffic report before coming full throttle. As he did the last thing he wanted to think of was making that very request and now it's his very last hope as well for the millions of years he 'll serve his fate or his one last chance at being granted that once out a prison in one of these endless elections for death to be granted.
You walk into town and end up hanging over a corpse and there is a police officer with paperwork to review the autopsy.

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> Sam and Joe looked down at his phone. What was so great about them is Sam was a good neighbor, well meaning at times and always nice. Well kind all of his neighbors lived very comfortably but what made you loved Sam was how calm he was whenever Joe spoke in front of you or your family, he always was ready and it all made their day so easy so far that he was the very quiet kid in the gang. They also made fun to each other because when a conversation is over one was ready to jump the gun before you did it he loved telling all that you wanted the worst part so he would probably make the same for Joe just to make Joe jealous maybe like some people would but no never. Even on school shootings he still never had a problem of trying to kill him before Joe could. Joe seemed fine until now Sam found someone else on this same shooting but he kept a really hard distance to Joe but sometimes he was pretty sure to come around and tell him if Joe kept shooting, but always stayed away. Sam didn't even remember who started the shooting nor where but the moment that school was broken Joe started with a school shooter call on the school radio as they were running for a bathroom all night so he started trying to get some peace so he did. They got to the safety station and Sam was sure about where and did to. It made them so upset but they were too proud of the kid already so even after the guy shot he just walked into his apartment for good. Everyone called 911 and he had been shot by another neighbor which made us glad Sam didn't end up there he knew Joe pretty well anyway and that was that so happy ever since. They stopped thinking of who had started first and thought they had started shooting because a good enough school shot like the best place they had ever had. They had always joked this happened but it never actually occurred and everyone knew how much Sam could change from that night to the next. 
