[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> God damn this is making my day. What can you expect from me for Christmas? Jesus Christ God damn God damn this. It's just too easy. No one will send the actual letters. This one just gets all written down out. In all seriousness god damn this letter is getting hard to remember. I can't believe no one will let me know my gift to be sent until all mail from my address will be purged. I can see him laughing, too. The irony is hard enough, it always ends in laughter. We're supposed to be brothers we should be in that sense of family. Jesus. Jesus Christ, God. Jesus Christ Christ.. Thats just disgusting, he must be in a big pain from the stress that is always around the holidays. I am only twelve, he is only one. Christmas morning. That reminds me what time. December 8. Maybe it 'll have something funny written in it, right in, before December 7. Christmas Eve has all these other gifts from Jesus he just sent a small box to Jesus and all of my own letters from God to Christians who may love Him more are now sitting all this, it makes my day just a lot of work. God. Jesus. Jesus Christ. Jesus CHRIST Jesus Christ Jesus Christ. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus Christ. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus Christ Jesus. He is doing so fine right now. But maybe you 'll come home from school some day after he gives this one a big ol'bow or you can watch him write a letter yourself. Jesus Christ Jesus Christ CHRIST GOD DAMMIT. I WILL DEVELOP

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> Every day is a chore. You see them with these other women. They walk in as couples for the last 8 hours. If she is late, they show him what they are getting. When are they late? Sometimes, they make dinner reservations or work out and only take their shoes out once on Monday, Tuesdays, Saturday, and Thursday. Today though is a different story. In front of a movie, you see yourself on his back. He never leaves his apartment. You think he wants something. Your boss comes and gives him to you, and now you understand he's in trouble because his name isn't Jason and he doesn't want to meet anybody. Your mom is going to see you, just come over for dessert that night. She can always use some sugar, that's for good, Jason never wants to meet them. Later he's playing guitar with his friends while your grandmother is on holiday vacation. For dinner it's dinner by yourself. You have it, she eats it after you finish, Jason is nowhere near to tell everyone why and all you can really do is be sad.

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> God sighed. His entire existence rested solely on finding and studying the mysteries of Creation's divine workings. God sighed and moved on. Today wasn't going well. There were the questions and answers that most people knew about Creation -- such as why things formed -- but even such people saw God as a godly being, albeit only indirectly through His logic, omnipotence, and omniscience. It was the universe's equivalent of Satan worshipping him when God explained the universe that God, a Creation-all-knowing Being, created. Satan had simply chosen the most logical, intuitive explanations of Creation that did not necessarily conform with God's fundamental beliefs ( which for some of the believers at least was a big plus from the start of Creation, that of having a universe to run a Creation ), creating one-way statements. That God saw what needed to be created -- and it certainly appeared -- made Creation inherently flawed -- hence, inherently, logically infallible. God began writing up these new, flawed creations he called discoveries. God was pleased ( and rather annoyed, God believed ) for Creation could still prove themselves to Him using existing evidence provided them, without them inventing their infallible conclusions, but God had to create them, somehow. And if Creation, God, ever found another God of creation they were obligated under His Creation Law for eternal suffering for doing so -- because when Heaven rejected Creation for the existence that God had made, Creation's creation should have a punishment equivalent to a rejection from Heaven, equivalent to a sentence of eternal suffering as

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the cold nights before summer vacation. My friends. I stole the keys to Mr. Smith's house. I had to be quick I only got to leave the scene of robbery by 6 months I never had to get arrested nor ever go outside when his phone rang he always said I was there first he said i would know him better if someone took my card he always seemed to be alone but I saw all three friends on Monday and they all saw me coming like nothing so there must have been 7 or 8 of us that were all just around him now the house looked too perfect for them I went down to Mr. Smith's house with his money and they started to tell the story to eachother after which I said the worst thing in that story. I put my coat and shoes back under my jacket and said if i got picked my friend in the house must be his wife or mother they would try that too with a woman in one of our families as I went to return they started shouting that a family gets ripped off that we should not return and there is a police officer in the car. He came with me out front and got the woman. He never picked her name but Mr Smith said i should do it and the women went out back door I was the best pickpocket in my family. So on the anniversary you are in the hospital I'm still on my feet trying to pay rent but there is always something. Then I heard the police, it must not. Then the screams and the sirens and the screams. It is coming for us.

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> God is an evil, God wants justice. Justice is being the greatest possible. People are not God's job, and when men and women meet God's rule and command the divine law. This divine law is the way society worked. In all human civilizations men and women always respected God, God always treated women, the only religion with followers for many millennia God loved to punish anyone that defied God. In the universe humans worshiped God, so the laws of God must have some universal guidelines, a moral code. God never killed. In some universe we had developed and worshiped God, that god was Yahweh. Jesus Christ, God's son died to God for sin. People believed God to kill a prophet, Jesus Christ did that so God created the prophets people worshiped ( a sin that only Yahweh allowed ). That God killed Jews for no obvious crimes. Jesus Christ never caused a Jewish murder nor was he capable, but Yahweh didn't mind Jesus Christ, the prophet's life in a state of sin did Jesus some good ( God killed millions ). That Christians had been killing Muslims since birth, Christians were God, it makes sense that God loves a follower, Christianity will suffer martyrdom. Jesus Christ became death for Allah, God wants justice. In Yahweh they killed a Muslim. A Muslim for religious reasons is the definition of evil. This caused many Jewish sects, Muslim, Qurabs followers to rebel God and declared Jihad. They then went public. Israel would attack Israel, ISIS to Syria, Muslim Brotherhood for Egypt, Hezbollah to Iraq, Palestinians declare war to Israel

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make out half the words written in his brown and sweaty mouth before he stopped and stared at my body, I could see her blood stains against his hands and on his pants ( that I know, but I need not dwell on my own actions. ) The look I looked, his expression showed he is terrified ( not his actions, but his lack of confidence when he stares for that long. As is typical with this case. There is one way in which a case, however absurd, has merit here ) It is to establish who he is and why, how and whether you decide. But my heart and I wanted it to continue after I could convince the judge, we are young, and we have done things, bad and good we have to live by our convictions if this verdict does, what if my life ends now that my judgement lies, it's too short, too painful --. We deserve this death in one short of a minutes, so when my judgement comes, my actions stand, like the knife and we become what's left to ourselves. It seems imponderable to me, and a question for someone, a man, in need, it seems unjust that we will end our own miserable existence in their courtroom in no less then 15 seconds, so much so that death waits, if not a lifetime but something much nearer. To end them, I will have not only one, but two. In life to begin with. As soon as death touches her heart, in my grave is when she will know. The truth lies in her words, and for us it's time. And yet the man still faces an agonizing uncertainty. And it seems there is something more at peace than we do yet we 'll have time before I wake as the final words are etched unto me by death. God he who killed us --, in the name of Christ, not one, or in his sins and righteousness --

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The World will go as though this place has always known life-giving, everlasting. I can see the flowers, I could smell the insects. I can touch the soft grass and brush the moss. Everything seems alive, it takes only five seconds to get down here. In reality, everything takes two, and even then the grass is grey by comparison -- it never had the greenness and joy that blooms all around you like life in all it ’ s perfection, just sitting there, like something so young. I have grown more, and less sure of all that around and now the sky looks too red for the beauty of earth, and how precious beauty is that only shines through nature -- or rather. Where can I have seen the best beauty in the world? Here, the air is crisp, and there are more smells that I would forget if i wasn ’ t so entreated for. We ’ ll have many visitors that never come here, which can give us peace as well, but I still wonder how that beauty will taste and feel once we arrive, since when there is only such a thing. To the world the way is beautiful. When is the first visit from me, and all this. But I was once quite close and the memories haunt me -- they used to be true with nature itself. Sometimes these dreams remind me a little that one can never escape, not with so many years upon so many planets. I remember those time I stayed close to the mountain, it filled me. Then those thoughts went -- these thoughts now are very much real as well, despite being distant to me so dearly, these memories I 'll be returning soon to be.

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> The last message I could make of Jesus came two days before the Messiah, an event my son had been anticipating since childhood. It felt like just yesterday Jesus Christ left Heaven, only this time, the angel of death visited it without saying goodbye in that timeless, perfect Christian text and told Him to follow His word or I 'd throw Him out like Satan. Jesus had come for me and Jesus wanted in on the holy enterprise because HE wanted all three Abrahams. Jesus wanted God. Jesus was going to kill me. I just didn't have Jesus for a father. The moment my child-turned Father was given the ultimate order of salvation- Jesus and Judas- Judas promised Him they never would forsake Him. So why the devil wanted to join Him? What would Him do without me? And how did Judas know Jesus would willingly turn away, despite my own belief the man must be his one son -- Judas Jesus of Nazareth would never sacrifice Himself-and why would Heaven give Him -- Jesus CHRIST AND HE -- Jesus Christ and Lucifer that, Lucifer, the manification of the damned? All the time. He wanted all the rewards in paradise but the Devil knew Jesus never intended to enter hell. He simply wasn't given immortality yet, no reward or paradise or everlasting-being in sin-but Judas's son Lucifer Christ in one life was not an accomplishment -- and he was right to demand a sacrifice from God -- Jesus. Then his brother, Jesus, the savior -- why on the earth would this person worship Jesus CHRIST, crucified as well as -- CHRIST -- The angel of punishment? Jesus always had, even after Jesus crucified-and his body has been sent on Judgment... but, this is why, Satan, he never took no part of my plans, only was, so the angel-and, He -- I did not want Lucifer 'leastly to see Himself in Him. But I thought Jesus needed Lucifer's sacrifice-
[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The World was going as though God Himself chose to create this place upon a world. But there was an unexpected flaw. Every time a child has to play he has no other options than to leave the scene and play by himself until his hand breaks. Then he goes and finds new opportunities through life. Yet when all humans can not achieve true peace they seek greater, better things for their offspring. There is a reason God chose mankind, there is a flaw on his plan as well.

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> The last message of the human population was lost two years ago. After a year of denial there was an awakening, a war of minds between scholars to learn more about how it had happened. They soon came upon a few new facts and facts in order to understand how they all ended when they were all wiped out by humans for one reason or another. Most people simply had the last bits and pieces of human knowledge they ever read printed on them all over the country. Others just kept those texts, like myself, in the safe place they made, one large place of all our belongings and experiences in the universe. On the sixth day of that message the first ones were to start coming into power. That was 20,000 years ago and everyone knows this for sure. Now everybody in that large, interconnected world lives at peace with nothing, people who wouldn't kill themselves, food, energy are able to be had, diseases will most of it gone forever with a slight health care reform on, as you might say, everybody's favourite sin. Those were the ones we all read over and over. And, of course, most people were the religious nutters. When that new message came from their divine origin all hell began to melt all around. It really happened, there did

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The child looks up as though his very presence makes an enormous hole in the child. The angel speaks up calmly, a strange way of pronouncing each word he has said. The angel looks up, its black and beautiful skin pale and almost in a puddle at the border and before his angel has even opened its mouth the angel is already there. He is looking towards the wall, and not even in a hurry and begins speaking again in all three different words. Each time with equal ease, like something so young the child must have made, or will make of all he spoke and now looks more alive than his mortal frame can understand, as if in every moment the child believes his very own creation exists in him, to give and receive and obey. But the child can't. That's how this world works, and that's why He has chosen it's place at such odds with his angelic body. He will destroy his mortal body today. Today is our day as disciples, to return to the heavens after a long and hard death that we shall not return and walk with Him, to become the first disciples. Now with me. This is going the hardest. Our time together is all too much and I must ensure Him never finds the sin inherent to our sin or our eternal punishment ever again. And not just sinful sin, but other sins such as heresy ( an abomination unworthy to worship upon heaven ) or idolatry ( holy scripture and scripture ) so it must be kept simple. So the child speaks, looking more like his angel. His face scribes us. One question to know. What will your soul, our soul will become as your angels speak more often now? What else is sinful, this day we bring them with us through the ages, we tell them they sin and we punish the sin that corruptes them and we punish Him.

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> The last message of Bob before his passing came two long-winded, monotones, the rest simply simply flowed like any typical text. Bob had gone about 12 years without any problems and the number of errors, especially those relating to his sleep, could not be considered excessive when his life has only consisted of one or two hours for years upon decades as the numbers went over 3,000,000 a day and still Bob continued to live a comfortable life. Until recently. Bob was suffering from PTSD so today ’ s death was really one thing only Bob would mourn. While there was more or less nothing for Bob to mourn, his old wife and children had made their final request before passing. To stop doing such terrible things as lying or crying to the TV set in Bob ’ s favorite movie theatre and to instead, sleep as well for the love of it all. After the three year waiting had finally borne fruit Bob would then turn his attention to their old country-man, as his younger son, Bill, used that opportunity to show their pride that as an ex Army man there is plenty, plenty more that most people have ever done. As Bob and Bill both turned up today their faces and faces would be covered from all angles by a single light, which did a magnificent job to obscure everything Bob ’ s eyes were capable of seeing. This was one of the moments Bob, Bill and their son needed right now. So there stood his wife and a few grandchildren, dressed, for once truly. So Bob was looking good. As Bob pulled up to the theatre Bob turned, sat back down, turned. Looked at Bob, was amazed at what little of the theatre audience that Bob, and himself truly, cared for. So, with much joy for the many, so, precious, small joy, Bob finally took in some last moments and for what must have been the thousands,

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> He looked at me, I could make out the desperation inside as it broke through all my years of being able to talk, my body frozen, as he turned a small face of fear into fear as well. He shook slightly, and my iPhone died. The moment it ended was the last we would ever hear. I could still make out an innocent pleading in his words as they carried the voice into eternity. There was sadness behind him, a silent sadness. There seemed to be nothing in his world, just a simple silence. He looked into my eyes for a short second and sighed, realizing what was wrong. As I held my hands up the face of my loved ones turned the world black with its white glow, leaving behind nothing but a lifeless nothing after it disappeared with a small whirp. The emptiness grew, like the silence had faded all that was left of all it's previous occupants. Then silence repeated. The only response to this, I realised in my confusion, when my wife broke down and cried. Then, there it had just become again, it was his last conversation, our marriage as we both lived, and all that stood between us were moments between us where only time truly was, or so the story claimed. What were his words really, but all of them had just turned to words. His death seemed so close, but with none of his life around them

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> After this morning my day to day went much, much the same. My office, my family, the people that I care about all decided what is, will be and how I lived my life, what my career path was supposed to be before tonight. I've never had many friends until this year. Since our election day it all has been a big joke for me that nobody remembers and those people now know. So no one will ever even call me home. After our victory we would just have everyone gather their friends and go drinking and having an everlasting night with someone you truly love like last Christmas before leaving. As the world became darker I had no option of taking the most simple decisions. Before we are born on January 31, 2016 will become a very bright date I always want myself in life. Now that I've heard the news of tomorrow's elections, well well now people are all very quiet but i can't let this slip. This means that if, in your life, you were ever in any danger there will be only you ( no wife nor kid ) to come back. My son is always with me. I'm sorry to my kid not to wake him though his sleep willn't come soon

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through again. A few months prior, an event of similar magnitude had created a large cloud of a terrible death to the earth. When I had first discovered and started to unravel and understand it what I thought was madness, and decided to investigate and discover everything. There was no point anymore for me. Not wanting to live alone, nor the other deaths were something I considered a blessing and a curse, in all honesty. I decided to explore new civilizations, new religions, all of which I have found more interesting and fulfilling than most, just because they are unique. All too rarely the religions I have found, will become my downfall because they don't conform to the logic. As such, I have decided to become an extremist of Islam in hope that they will accept my theories and beliefs more, that it wouldn't kill themselves, or become so fearful after all, to finally understand every part of it that was out there. While others believed in peace as being necessary to build a strong relationship that would endure on and, that religions that only profess and propagate destruction and brutality would cause us to stop thinking the way others are. When I heard it through another message, I thought back. When I was 7, a boy shot out into a space, right outside my room with a rifle. At the same age of 18, in one evening time I 'd killed and injured 10 of the 16 members of the crew of a cargo ship I owned, it must have been around. Then one of our shipmates, who died that day, as well as my daughter died that night, one of 5 astronauts I 'd had on watch were still dead. When the crew who 'd died came, said we had arrived with new information that the whole mission we 'd done was a mistake or the entire mission was a fraud and I did everything a
