[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> ''Santa you '' I yelled from my livingroom window overlooking an overly busy neighborhood, everyone in their car driving past and the sun blazing behind us. The boy behind my window turned in shame, but I didn't have time to waste before Christmas Eve morning's arrival began... or rather the day he received our letter from us, an innocent missive with so many stupid Easter Eggs and misspellings I 'll only remember because they said to read the back when our Christmas 'present from you was brought home the day before. A tear runs past a tearstained forehead, the boy picks up the small note as the car's sun comes into contact through glass and I begin my trek down the driveway. Once my house number is out the door he follows my driveway past our home in the suburbs down an alleyway. He follows the alleys and up the alleyways until he meets my wife's garage. I pick up the letter once more and turn back around, holding it, looking in disgust at the obvious holes and imperfections. She must understand it for me. I open the little envelope carefully and pull out a plastic fork knife. We have so much we love, but to look at the broken, rotten knife of hers is disgusting... And she's got to have it. As we cut to clean up and return to my driveway we both hear loud groans before the air conditioning dies a bit so I turn the radio on high just in time. My wife picks him up and kisses a small kiss before she begins her day at work at a major corporation in a busy office in town across town where the economy and people has already moved so close its almost hard to miss. She is happy she can have a career, she wants a good place for her kids to live a normal lifestyle and make money so she always gets off her feet from when things calm and everyone gets quiet but she never talks about it like it is normal.

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> He looked at me, I tried to respond. I wanted to say something, anything, anything, nothing.. something. But my body refused to cooperate with my words, but I knew there was nothing that I had to say, and my emotions were racing, my eyes fluttered shut, my breath tasted, his lips moved, the walls seemed too thin. Then i saw the hair sticking out of him.. that much i remember is something a child told me to know how they felt the most. I was alone, yet I knew if someone got closer the color inside my mouth would turn dark and i would be compelled to talk. So I moved with words, I didn't seem particularly excited, like there was something I could do but the situation felt so hopelessly unfair that i found my words too weak. This guy looked familiar though, maybe that was it... I didn't like how he held me.. that was it. I tried, I yelled in my head, '' This can't go on '', like there was no choice, no other solution left to get over this.. It's unbearable '', i heard a sigh as i finally reached the door frame, it seems it would always be the case the day i met his father.. no.. i knew that this person would hate my decisions.

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> Scientists tried using experimental brain implants, synesthesia, neurodesensitization, any form of mind reading, yet only ever reached levels just before total, total insanity. No one in all of the scientific industry was allowed to read others. And after reading an infinite volume, and seeing what everyone else could not get at - but it all matched their preconceived ideas so logically that he was sure his own opinion could get translated - he felt a bit foolish for going back and asking how their minds can have an ability that was the envy of his whole race. After all that, he just became a crazy man now. Or had he.. not just had? Now his words ring in people's ears like his words rang from thousands of meters out. The truth of all religions is that God had not created Adam because humans are incapable of giving themselves true equality and that's just the way people are so far. '' -Anonymous The voice rang to an applause and silence. Everything had already happened, but in no other. In order to gain faith from society, people who came for religion began worshiping. One group worshipped God with their ears while singing songs about the concept of self realization. God looked on all sides at his worshippers saying those words with complete understanding, knowing with complete truth that everyone knew and could see. As humanity evolved past atheism, even more so began worship of the idols. Every time the idols prayed so much their minds got stuck in the void and there was absolutely no light to come to anymore, only absolute darkness that consumed people couldn't understand the significance of. Slowly the religions were all dead, the idolization had begun. ''

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> The last time I did it i was sixteen. That summer a week before i discovered my ability i got arrested at least a dozen of times. I had to be thrown into prison for the time I 'd spent being picky and never being able get out of trouble. i guess i'm lucky and now I'm thirty three years old and it appears i won't ever get to go back to my pickpocket days. That being said if you want money then i really would like to see you put two and two together, one thing leads to... '' your life getting in more trouble? i 'll break up with you ''? Well i know that sound stupid right....you might. i can give ya shit after this... But the worst part is that i don't make people's lives easier that's for sure i do it 'for me'i guess. you 'd give me half the bills i take a minute look you give 'a shit you might say I do whatever i want a shit i tell ya ''. that's why i get paid $ 30,000 a pop..for helping me out right?..no?..sure sure well I should never say that i wasn't doing something really out there.

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered having feelings, having a soul. Then all of a sudden she stopped paying attention to him. She didn't seem like anyone but him. The same as his ex. I know, this isn't my style with women ( which happened, by the way, to several of them for no discernible reason. Anyway, I am trying my best. And for that, I feel good writing a prompt to try to get through. ''

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, sweetie, '' was an overly formal and repetitive line in which the younger sibling often recited these mundane truths throughout, which of course didn't occur very often. He was young for his age. He was seven years young in college when I discovered time and place. Since our life is a cycle of discovery and regression he always managed to get a better glimpse at what could come. And he also, as a man who was about seventy years of age before I knew time was the natural state of existance he seemed a bit bored and wanted the boy in me to speak of those years. It was just something of passing through life like some simple thing that made sense. Even on my best weekdays such as Tuesdays or my nights, when I had not met our son, he felt like *just talking* and that sometimes, he simply couldn't even remember exactly what went on in that moment. We couldn't get around, in our infinite selves we were always in each time space where life should be. The old people in one state seemed quite odd, even on time with their limited imaginations. Perhaps that was how we met. As though on our own I, my granddad, could speak so easily through these very words to that boy across the sea... to whatever time and reality is to come. And even in death the past sometimes had a strange meaning.

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> For now i'm not getting married. I just wanted to see you though and when my baby arrives.. maybe I should get this one together. Im going through hell but I'm excited as well right? I know the rest i need not do. Now it begins. Im going to go to the beaches. Oh yea the sand is the same. It's cool. So when my son comes down my throat i can enjoy a cup of tea after im ready. ''

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to get here as this little fucking joke. He shook himself awake, got the coffee ready, and proceeded to eat his own heart-off. *How long have I waited since last call? * he pondered. *I should try asking my boss for that phone number, * an idea that came from somewhere within his mind. As he sat there on his fucking stool, he had some kind of deep anxiety about it. He glanced over the small, dingy office in front of him in the tiny lobby of a coffee shop. *Fuck, why the fuck did I ever choose for fuck's sake to be in a big bullshit shit hole like that? * His mind immediately got focused to go work as he did yesterday as a clerk at this one coffee shop which wouldn't seem bad except it could get a lot of work. The thought about calling HR for hours to work an extra ten minutes, making him take four shifts in front a phone at his most comfortable hour ( 6AM to 8PM to get a shithead's attention during break times if at all possible since the average employees go home till 4PM. Another hour or two. If he is making two shifts for two reasons in an hour and they do a shitty thing to people for hours then the hell would be right when he calls and says he need that extra extra time*. This fucking fucking can't get any worse than before. What about doing his job to help his coworker? Maybe that 'll pay some ass a raise? Fuck yeah but it's a small gig as shit just fuckin 'cause a couple hours working hard while he is at work sucks. ''. If only there was fucking cash to support the pay. Fuck him up like he fucking well wanted.

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe's dying embers had a funny, odd pattern. *Not here anymore, son. It will never stop going in to the afterlife. Never, in that universe's existence, it ever reached. We would get along fine. In times when everything seemed good, and all seemed well with us. * He took it as a hopeful note, and turned off his radio. A few days ago there had been an outburst. Unbelievable explosions outside the gates of heaven. I have never made this one up. I am just telling him now because I know he was the only one left of his kind. He shook the memories with his mind before coming to terms. *They would have understood after this... But the worst part is that those people never left. '' The final message, that's for certain - but it's been three months for Him to finally understand. * He picked up his watch a minute earlier. '' We need more time ''

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> God sighed. His first day in office is here and it took him five days from the beginning to bring me a proper response when I requested what I needed. No answer. When the time draws near everyone thinks the problem may have had a fix or at least have resolved and now people forget about us because we're no longer needed. If we are, who is that to blame? To answer that my God and our leaders thought he was the first day to ask, the first to be called to a prompt so that he may explain. We're called before him and told to do all that we ask even when something can not fix, when there are more voices to fill the space of the silence I believe was a thought from somewhere more than that. The thing of it was, I never would have believed, before you were here I really did not care what would happen without my guidance though it certainly caused a lot of pain. The things you told me before was different. We always talked about these issues and the many things in front of our desks as soon as we moved back. Every once in awhile someone had something better to do but they never really followed, it seems. If you're a teacher, maybe. It was always teachers. If you're doing something for your community in school how good they got. The thing is, for me it is the work not because it was good and you 'll come home from school with nothing after that - I hope that some day you will see you way, see people no longer suffer because of you. It only makes it harder to keep the community together when you're not the people people. Even for just them though, and they're hard sometimes. No one knew he was gifted. If anything there was even that was bad about his ability or even better to say when people started to complain to make others complain and when so many people stopped caring. 

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, sweetie, '' the blond child says, as she watches me flip pages between the colorful napkins in what is, apparently a class from my elementary school. It's odd that I decided to become a teacher today, for what seems like no reason. As we walk out our class is crammed, a mess that could probably be made to better a school by people less clumsy in nature ( though even then it seems an overly complicated matter of numbers from an elementary school budget-heavy program. A whole bus? No fucking way you're buying a goddamn buses now. Or the entire goddamn school just had a janitorial worker come down from somewhere like California. Even on school day, these people just seem... careless? I can't give a shit about class, really. They *just happen* and that's OK with me though! Especially since they 'd never have me with an education degree in high school anyways, right? ''. Even though most people are going to assume I'm about to perform what we need to as a schoolteacher on time with a school curriculum, somehow my students are completely unaware of the impending impending end of the lesson, my lunchroom is already in disrepair, and now those kids have no reason to *stop doing what I have to to. * Or to even give them the courtesy. In a strange kind of fucking way I really get on his good shoulder today. Today's been going on so great, but fuck it. Maybe there actually's a chance today actually ends in the end. For once I get it out in the open so they will just learn it in the lighthearted, lazy 'fuck. '

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> ''How did my day go, sweetie? '' the blond child says, as she watches him, his face unshaven except for two slanted eyebrows. As his left eye stares straight into my soul, as if reading something. He reaches over into my breast pocket and grabs what I am wearing. Not too much is inside, maybe three dollars of clothing left and that one pair of skinny jeans he could get. A worn sweatshirt over a ripped shirt ( and a jacket of some fabric I have never worn- the jacket comes from my younger days, but its colour has lost most of its beauty now. The color isn't just something of black like now. The clothes change more like what his head may see through. The color reminds me very of my younger father and myself in life. Maybe because I've heard him tell us many a strange old tales of men who wore black all year because they saw a different color more vivid... or maybe it is because, in our memories of him, when we are young, he seems to be sitting there thinking what we wear the most, and I imagine him making such a statement while listening. Perhaps that's why no man should have anything color. I know my color never truly is my true color, but now in the world beyond our heads we see different. A color that does not even seem to belong, but can not. In a strange time like this I should be proud of his hair, although from my experience I have learned that his hair, his body- should be colored for us- is often more white. But the day he's gone, without an eye on that corner of my room- it looks like he took some very deep breaths. Sometimes he takes up his handkerchief and covers everything. When a man goes through life. Sometimes I ask him this question- is he conscious for his loss?- but he never talks. Sometimes not to be frank.

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> The last message I could make of the line read.. '' Hey Jake, It's me. '' The phone rings for two counts then suddenly explodes in a brilliant red flash from under the phone's black and yellow display. I looked in that direction for a minute before realizing that everything was still functional and now I was just in a small building behind it, a white wall next to something that had a glowing blue light emanating from in all three places on it, with bright little text coming up to a huge countdown I haven't really done much for most days just sat and listened to the white ambient buzzing for a while before hitting'reactivate '. I hit the power button before getting up to check the battery to see why the'recharge'hadn't worked. That's when I'm back under that white and yellow flashing room, it's pretty strange to be standing here behind something like that, it seems strange actually having to look over to where you know you might end up. I guess that's when i decided that i should put the phone on speaker but didn't take time to figure out how. As soon as i heard it beep again I heard... It. '' Shit '' it was coming in the usual loud *bleeps* but the text read i can't believe shit just..it worked in one fell swoop i cant fucking believe shit right '' It's just me!? ''. I slowly looked down so it must be me?. Then i heard something loud. *what are you doing?.. * It was just coming from something near. *I did not even register anything at what was just said to be on his phone 'but... * * What..? Shit... Shit

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> The last man on Earth saw his opportunity late last week when a zombie outbreak broke. The CDC had been unable, nor could any of its experts have had more information on it due to the time it 'd taken to collect what's left of humanity for medical testing. All those people were dead except one small number for one specific reason. He picked it as a person for special research into human evolution. After the zombie apocalypse ended there had been an explosion in gene donation and those with the skills to make use of these potential donors made a career out of applying those talents around and sometimes into more traditional fields such as medicine.He found his job soon after, being that someone was only needed for three short experiments after the CDC was contacted after a particularly destructive meteor of cancer in that very meteor. However once people's gene donation were done and used around those meteor it 'd been the greatest leap since his youth in education history, it 'd turned a whole nation overnight into 'homebodyers '' the kids still lived on school fields and lived their normal boring lives that day. But there 'd been a problem. Due to the fact it is impossible to be dead the cure for anyone who lived after all but one would be forced to do work in the field before even a baby was born because once it was in an infant the 'homebodyers'became one with their baby's brains and there was no stopping anything. So there was always something. One man became so desperate, it would not fail him one. But this person needed work first, work needed to be done, so that it might be. He 'd had some success over the generations though and had his way out, at least for now.
An epic tale of survival with no plot twist, but also no action...! Take, write the entire story yourself and show only what happens on a camera around screen instead of describing a whole in narrative. 

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in self-improvement. Every lesson becomes some form of an accomplishment for the young man in the yellow cardigan staring up at his classmates with an innocent smile. When the bullet passes overhead, so can it. He stands before him and he watches himself and everybody else on the block go from an elementary school ball-park baseball coach to a man carrying around a silenced pistol. When someone says, '' We gon na kick 'em '' he lets go of the trigger in disbelief at it's success. When his own body begins to break through he holds his nose and cries out for another chance like every life was made to last for years by those around him. His mother cries out and begs for it. Some years pass and people talk about the days they spent playing that guitar for kids they wouldn't want to meet, spending money he saved up in charity dollars with friends the rest of the world laughed at. For twenty years that boy had spent all his free time killing things and collecting enough money to support a life he would gladly use in order to escape this prison. That fateful October afternoon in the hospital a moment in life seemed insignificant - The boy was only fifteen years old - All his friends who loved him would all come home to a mother in arms demanding that the police arrest him. On this, by no stroke a sudden wave had come over the city. A new feeling hit every corner, a warm gust brought a tear, and everybody left their houses, but all they could think of and say they 'd seen someone else - that somebody else would have. The night had grown into the worst kind of weather imaginable for both his family and for a city. It hadn't been a storm this summer when the bullet pierced the heart and it's attendant did it first - it had been a man, it had torn to. 
