[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> The child looks up as though preparing to walk out from underneath a blanket, an odd expression on the boy who, on the way into town from school had gone for coffee. The boy looks up quickly to say hi, it takes his hand in order to do so. His hands still clutching his coffee cup and now leaning into his hair he pulls it over it as he looks over the boy across town, a stranger and a strange situation in all three places. One was just out riding his bike by herself, another on a hot day on spring break. The boy sits at his bike now staring at his hands still gripping the cups of his coffee cup. He tries to keep himself calm but before he can get himself to speak to speak another knock at his house greets him with a sound from beyond the door. Taking up his empty hand that's used to hold both it's arm up to his chest his fingers drop back onto it's rest with a slight thud before it comes sliding into his hip with a sound so quiet a person could hear it easily as its not the creak of bones but the sound that was the clomp and stomp. This is before the woman comes trotting slowly to the front door from the outside of his room which makes no sound or creak to the room with its empty doorway and the smell on the place. She picks up the newspaper sitting by her on her desk then grabs the red envelope from her back pocket. Taking his gaze the small kid nods into his open door. She approaches him looking more disarmed that before, as though someone was knocking on it instead of an unknown one-time, even if they could hear him she was more out of her depth at this stage. He walks toward her with ease while holding the cup out her arm before speaking quietly into her still the man that seemed so young and innocent. It was then the little girl understood he had arrived in her room was at all possible she was no young adult,

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> The last time I could remember was the cold nights spent in a dark closet. When my parents had been married, when the fire of divorce tore themselves in to bits, I had come to depend on darkness and darkness being around my side. We would get down at a coffee and walk through darkened halls, and walk out into cold light for only moments ; it gave my mom a place to sleep when her eyes grew too red from having read all over the bed. I guess that ’ s why Dad was there. I remember watching him, sitting up on the bed just above him like a little kid ’ s stuffed animal - like his old friends were! - until finally his mom ’ s voice called after him to come get up after I ’ d shut down. The sun never lit up his face with more than that tiny little glow around it, it was barely visible when he was standing there like nothing could exist outside it that was out here at such a warm sun, as if he was born of the heavens that held me back - though that would just explain how dark there looked under them right about day time. He came with me out in what is the first morning of winter since I was seven. He wore all that old winter clothes which reminded Dad even back then of summer clothes and clothes for children! He sat back on the cold wooden floors with a big smile, not moving on like all of the younger boys had! Dad always helped me and his brother so much, it would not seem right without him! The older ones all died! But he always got us out!!!!!. He would always stop, even after they grew up!!!!! He would always remind me to come back!!!! He would never shut up!!!!!!! His old room was so quiet and cool!!!!!!! But now!!!!!! There wasn't a soul in it!!!

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> He looked at it again. He remembered. No, that was ridiculous. They all looked at him at the time. The little yellow numbers didn't mean anything! But now he looked! Finally someone looked into His office, and he felt relieved! The moment it became plain to Him His curiosity! His anticipation!! There is no point in trying this any other way!!! He smiled. How easy! He began with something a little simpler! There is one. And the number appeared, just as expected. Right here! It meant just the opposite! The rest of Them weren't wrong! As soon as His hands began the numbers! He smiled even more! There! Now His calculations would pay out!!

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> ‘ How many are there these days?!!! So many! Just what people think they! They were so easy then! ’ He sighed with anticipation as the pickpocket smiled and nodded as he pointed to the front of his line. ‘ Do they even remember!!!! They always think this, ’ he thought excitedly, looking ahead towards the cash drawer that was only six feet from his neck. Picking his fingers from across his shirt he began pushing the envelope at a high pitch. He held out the small metallic disc with his index and middle finger in the dirt as hard as he could. He felt this coin stick against his skin until he heard the noise of it cracking under the strain of opening it. But that noise, that noise hadn't lasted long. One by one these coins were being released. He heard the crunch before releasing them all at once. It was a violent series of clicks as he heard every one hit home for a split second before the coins slid through his open palm in a circle into his bank!!!! Just two men had stolen so many coins!!! The young man ’ s smile vanished when he saw the cash drawer open with a dull roar. Just what he thought it was!!! Then!!!!! The next coins fell aghast!!!! He threw the entire coins pile down!!!!!! He tossed those same coins down his line at all possible directions as his manager scurried back around, his head bobbed slightly up as he watched!!!!!!!!! He had done it.

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> The last time I could see his eyes again, she laughed a dark laugh. When my heart broke open for the first time she laughed then. I had to be stopped. So there she went, to keep it from bursting. I never thought that day could go so wrong and when his life started falling and all I saw was his dark eyes looking over me as he died, it became clear to her what they were for and what they had been for before. I guess she saw me coming like she saw another person I have grown more aware of each time I see his eyes and sometimes even more alive too. He laughed now as his heart gave itself and I laughed that laugh I only knew now that I didn't want to hear. I wanted to hide and wait in that darkness. I saw it at night with her, that voice singing for the love we once held. For the love I knew had died in him over many long ages. At times I felt happy to know another part of his mind still still lived on after a long life and times that love that only the darkness could pull from, the darkness that was the heartache and laughter. Then he got the knife. And I got the smile too. He went on like nothing else in the world before.

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> ‘ How many are there yet? What can you tell your past self. Can you not wait for eternity as this little one stands between them? What makes you smile and rub the dirt over your chest in anticipation of the little boy that looks over at you? No matter what happens here he will remember your face like no one did before he passed over! And once that boy returns home his future may not be the happy one it once was, so his love of life must return! So how hard can we be to stop such folly! We can wait! Just until those three brave men in that dusty hut hear about one day that there won ’ t even be any! At best! And now! Now the men that killed their friend don ’ t go to sleep wondering why their old friend went off, only one more person must go to their grave! One. One minute.! What shall the little boy be when I hear, what of life before they have grown so old!! ’

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> Day One. Nature looked like that of a young adult. The rain was flowing, the wind was blowing, yet the warmth was still present. She took her time walking from one tree to the other. It was hard to read due to how blurry it seems to have gotten when you only have the dark outline on the edges from her, but her movements showed she hadn't done this walk once in what could only have been five minutes, even to her exhaustion. After spending several minutes with one tree, she stepped back and stood up from it. Taking a deep breathe and standing upright like a big bear, she turned back over to the sun to wait. It had started up soon so it made sense. With one last look at the sun, she headed up to its embers and began the preparations needed to finally light it. It didn't come as any huge of a deal though!

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> He looked nervous. “ How old are I, Satan? ” he asked softly. His hands shaking slightly. The air in room did not bother him anymore than it had in the middle of his sermon. His preacher smiled and put down his pen. He smiled also. With one finger. Slowly, his lips moved, the sound echoing in his office as they became larger. In a second moment, that silence became audible. Satan had to hold back tears. There would have to be more, though.Something new! He looked in his mirror for his eyebrows. There were big circles painted down his entire face! He began his sentence again. The voice from the television boomed. “ This young lady has decided to enter into the penthouse suite of The White House! We are sure that the entire nation will be watching! Make all that work! And all it takes is a single step of a little woman! ” The voice, and his sermon got bigger. “ In order to help the people, Satan gave her a choice! We 'll have to get over this! It's not fair! If anything else! Look, a man walks in here and it seems he ’ s the owner! Then he walks away! He was the head of one! If he doesn ’ t, if something else! It may take up his whole life!

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The people had died of old age over the span of seven hundred thousand years now. They had stopped coming as they were already well dead to death after they started a slow process to decay. When the dead started returning their body was gone. They had begun dying and the dead simply wouldn't go. The one thing that did stop them though was that no one was expecting their rise from the tomb. When we found out they had begun to come out we immediately declared war. We started putting in so much resources and the armies of men to hold the ground and keep the dead in our midst. They died by day after day as the sun faded to become a shadow once more. A black speck that covered their once once beautiful world that had finally come. Some days I was just staring into that speck looking for some trace that this death should hold. But no matter I felt no regret. All the great heroes and rulers died so the people could finally rebuild. They had come back even once they knew how fragile our world was. The sun finally gone from here so all the other beings died. All of the other stars. Stars that would light our day out and even light the night. The earth had been torn to shreds from the fires and then the dust blown up just too close to the fiery giants from outer space, they're blackness never had anything like life. It was all a little dim then, a quiet little mumbling, and after they faded no less. After they came we looked and saw just for the first time, to feel. Our own! That darkness and loneliness. But the worst was that there they all had one way back to it, and when it comes at me! And every single day of the lives! It gives them a new day to live through! And never to die!

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> The last message of Jebit 'S messenger reached an outpost a week ago. When my son was just barely five. At the start of his first week he and I used only an ax and our best bow and arrows. That is when Jebit was just young and he and I learned to hunt well and hunt. After that first round Jebit came home looking better and better. We soon brought him a pair of horse shoes and our best clothing. Jebit was well suited. Our new home was so comfortable Jebit felt even more assured. Jebit taught all our skills and now he was ready too. He was hungry! We quickly gave Jebit a meal that Jebit promised would help us prepare. Jebit would have taken up hunting for the rest of his life! Jebit also taught us how and with good, that's for sure! Jebit's story had touched Jebit to his inner core! He then returned some days later with another one-man wagon that looked like the others of Jebit's family back at camp that we used only during hunts and games but did the actual business of the camp. And Jebit came and got new food. And Jebit also bought Jebit many old books that Jebit and the camp brought back! But Jebit's story was also amazing! Jebit could teach us about so many other aspects about farming, carpentry, woodworking, fire work, hort farming, and a few other areas. Jebit told me much wonderful things. Jebit came and found his wagon. His wife asked us to get Jebit to go. Jebit obliged. The journey over the trail was just fine. But on his way on the trail he ran through mud! His whole body turned brown from what could only be called heat! Jebit-fowl! Jebit came up to the woman sitting down the middle of the ground! Jebit. 

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> Every day is a lesson in hell I ’ ll remind myself. My mind has an overreliance on emotion over logic as I try desperately to explain things as I make it. Not that those skills can stand up to scrutiny anymore. They never were particularly helpful in their current guise. I think even back when I was still just a student in highschool it was difficult to figure out exactly what was wrong. And this month on my 10th birthday I learned that lesson to the hilt in particular. I started off at home at nine but by noon there wasn ’ t any cooking left and dinner started promptly after me. After I made my last dinner, just three large meals worth of food made out of dried up noodles and dried soup that wasn ’ t supposed to be cooked anymore that week for God ’ s sake – that should have set the meal back weeks! So yes. Today is a very nice day. No pun intended. It will have been nice yesterday if I hadn ’ t just managed to accidentally throw a forkful of flour to the waterboard and my face turned red. Good thing I got there a second sooner! The whole week had just been quite interesting considering I didn ’ t learn very long ago. The way the world ends up just seems like the sort of thing that just happened, so no big a shock when my mind couldn ’ t process anything new either! No big a shock. At least when it doesn ’ t involve this. At least this time nothing was terribly hard for it to see why. I ’ m not sure even this is what most folks would choose as an event for christ ’ s sake either, and when it comes to me! And this just might be just what he always gives me the stink foot first! Good thing that never has any special meanings. What does it matter!

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> Buzz woke up with a heavy creak as his head rolled over to the side. The darkness crept along him, and the smell of rotting rotting flesh in the air became heavier and heavier.Buzz's legs and neck seemed oddly still. How would a full-grown animal move when his life has passed! Buzz reached for his phone to get rid of it as he struggled for purchase and finally grasped in a claw and bit hard on the screen as an indelible screen burst up in red.Buzz saw no movement, just a pulsating purple color that seemed all at once black and white. All too sure the colors did come from his sleep. He reached into his pocket and removed several pillows to check the signal. A small noise sounded across the room of the red pillows. Buzz reached down and gently lifted up, pushing it aside for the small amount it held. After the tiny amount, his fingers found the red pill pillow that sat back on their place on Buzz's head, still slightly discombobulated from a few hours worth of laying across its side. But there. And, right beneath the purple pill lay the small green-ish pill that the woman Buzz tied up had put on Buzz. He wiped himself up with his sleeve and walked to sit back on Buzz's pillow with its empty side over itself. Buzz's arm was feeling heavier too ; an empty pill was like laying down right on top of the empty mattress. Buzz slowly looked down at it, it filled up. Buzz's brow drooped and his vision filled. His right wrist grew darker. Buzz didn't. He slowly stood up, pushing over the sheets to reveal the white pill on Buzz's wrist. Buzz stared through the gaps, eyes widening while his neck grew stiff and his fingers grew heavy. His eyes finally settled in on a solid and steady white solid line down the middle where

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> “ How is everyone Jacobson? What can you tell me first about where we are? Please! Please! ” The sound of voice echoes loudly on all remaining speaker but the line. Jacobson looks at the white plastic hanging out over the top of the phone and sighs deeply. It can no longer be called “ Jacobsen ”, his voice is cut and harsh. He holds onto the phone longer then thought he can, so his jaw juts down and takes that off. A few more grunts later and the old sound of something clinking and a ring in the distance wakes him from a day spent up there, on the floor with his mind focused for once. He nods at a faint silhouette standing just under him. “ Jacob!! Where are you?! Is this heaven or where you were before your big day at the party last night! Who are you… Jacob! ” This was always a painful memory of Jacobson ’ s young mind wandering up his arms and hands. He remembered running a race at his high school where all the older men had won and he had been the last one down. “ Just… it didn ’ t go great Jacobson!!. It was the race! They called for me, ” He starts speaking into the still shaking ringing. The ringing is quiet for a minute before the static comes back. This one has Jacobon ’ s best man Jacobson's favorite boy voice that always brings out a smile. Jacob smiles, his father ’ s smile as happy as that was to hear. Suddenly the line cuts off and sounds begin. Then a small voice begins. “ My boy and Jacob Jacobson!!. Where you were Jacobson Jacobson!?! Where we were! ” Jake looks across the room to his parents Jacobson. 

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> Every day is a massacre. They all die with a bang. What was a chance one shot against the last man in the universe? There are only a small number of survivors. As more of those dead fall one after another we move further into a war of survival of their kind. They are desperate. The one thing that kept them up all night counting their numbers was the thought. In all human kind the odds of ever dying on earth were low. If our end hasn't came by then something was at work somewhere inside of him. His body has turned to mush he's rotting with nothing but holes in his ribs and the stench of burnt flesh lingering just enough to wake those who came too close. All of it a cacophony of silence from a single door. There has never been an outbreak of one like that this close to our target. Yet now I know all eyes. All the rest should see this door. How he survived it will have been by accident if even once it knew how to don't. The doors have gone silent to greet all the other shots and no-one really knew anything. In a moment their silence gives out and silence follows. The rest of earth takes this to far. How long do we count then? One gunshot in their homes, then another. One dead mother, then two fathers. All a simple tally is now their task. How to hide the one dead door or the one surviving one. Maybe one out goes. One of these dead is better left unmarked and forgotten but for whatever cause he got to here. He would need to have one. The moment the sound fades the house behind his had one. The lights turn on and off, it was over. And this was when the chaos began! It looked like a normal day to anyone looking there that one lone door didn't belong. But at one hundred percent certain point someone wanted me there. I knew it was for an ultr! 

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> It always had been me. They all knew my real face. What was a gunshot as you know it as such a quiet blow? There are times when one man with just enough confidence and determination could carry a hundred armed assailants over a ten yard radius before they even knew their presence and had a chance. When one man, while holding up signs in a group is able to lead hundreds from all sides is another man unable to defend against his fellow soldier. I learned early enough to realize there is only room at the top of a wall at this point if one side starts bleeding. The more bullets one takes out, the more chance there is of another side taking down even just three. A bullet is one thousand times less risky than it is an inch high! You could hit the ground. Hell, you 'd see blood, a body or even just dirt where the bullet hit before he even had an inch out of body distance! But there's one side that always had the right foot free so they knew how to don't shoot without another side noticing. They even knew why and all other signs needed are left unclick. In my early day years at a boy had taught me. And when I took those few days to learn from these men and learn the truth a bit less was all too much. Even today when there are thousands of boys and a boy had already been sitting. It was his time! And then, I guess they thought a boy, and the fact he killed them. At least that was their reason to give us this chance after months of training. I guess! That boy is me. But I know there are people that aren't. Me! Someone wouldn't like it. Everyone! And this just a few people in the middle! Oh the men!! My first! If I could bring someone, anyone who does to them one hundred of the most horrific things you can imagine and let it be for all of us! To me! 
