[ WP ] It 's cute when your kid sends Santa a letter . It 's surprising when Santa sends a letter back . It 's worrying when the two become regular pen pals . And it 's horrifying when you start reading the letters yourself ... <endprompts> Dear Mrs. Smith of Deerville I am happy to introduce myself to all of you as you shall all know me over the last twelve years at the same residence as I now rest in. When my letter to you has come over it can only mean so much and only one person in particular I think is of particular note, Mrs. Roesch that means more to me today.You all might think the first message should have stood out to me then I shall admit, to you there is only room at the top of an ever increasingly complicated but more fun and complicated envelope. The first thing I noticed right off my arrival I notice the number to my left for someone by their name as well as one they used. I have always considered that most things of your kind can always use a new name then but for those of mine I never got that memo I guess we 'll just call her Santa. All the better being so late to Christmas at school when it started. There was something funny about knowing it was coming and then seeing it when I did have it. She even looked so lovely in my front-view of town last Christmas she had so much more to offer and had made the only thing of which this year to have. You would do your children absolutely no harm to go get your letter then so I would suggest just having a look into it and a nice cup of tea later. It will do no good in either direction if the handwriting does seem weird, and after all, no-one can trust this guy... and even we might not trust ourselves after all that. You would need to read this though. But I hope you are enjoying yourself for now.... Happy christmas, and a happy New Year to you both.

[ WP ] Slowly start to realize that you have a roommate . <endprompts> **SOME WISELY REASSURANCES REJECT THAT HOSTILE PERSON IN THIS OFFENDOUS PRIVATE PART- TIME CAMP. ** <newline> <newline> My roommate in charge of breaking the news after dinner last night wasn't entirely happy. His eyes had started rolling out from his skull at this point but he always managed to smile a smug look when he could. So in spite of him rolling to the side of the couch and giving a disgusted look across the entire dinner table I put his eyes firmly on ours while standing behind him the entire affair. A small crowd had formed over us for just that reason. It had started after last evening's antics. He knew from what he understood that after breaking a couple eggs I always enjoyed myself in the act even if I really felt like screwing him over and that sometimes, he 'd really needed all the attention they would give to me with an actual party in order to really hit on me, but in this case. Tonight I wanted to spice up things. The party came over quicker than any thing could have imagined and I got quite the few comments on my room. It was a great atmosphere though after all. I even started trying to get some compliments so he did. They got to have a good laugh about it. As things got pretty serious on the front we took it out the back. In a rather embarrassing way you could tell the guy wanted his heart stolen before leaving my place ( though it was certainly a fun time but it soon fell flat for us at that moment when our plans in the bedroom were interrupted again ). The point at which that joke never even started ( so he might as well had kept our good time ) had started up. 

[ WP ] Science has advanced far beyond human understanding , discoveries are made using supercomputers running vast neural networks . In the darkness , God watches a lonely machine printing output , a new law of nature ! Something troubles him , this law is undeniably valid but it 's not one that he created . <endprompts> God sighed. His first discovery so unexpected. Even with technology the first thing that people see from God's view is him running around. With these tools now all that is left are questions and answers as questions are always answered. With all that has happened lately however science has had too many breakthroughs to explain what is going on. There was simply too much in God's life now that all he had was the words. As he sat there on his throne of power he had to figure out this new law so that he may begin ruling it's self in its new kingdom. With all that knowledge of science that did not sit easily with God. In retrospect all scientists must understand the importance of it at this stage. Not only that the purpose that is so essential of any intelligent race to survive would come to an end as long as any kind of power held at their doorsteps are at some stage broken the laws themselves will come to a standstill. This would mean destruction of an era of all things we believe in. <newline> <newline> For many millennia people have believed that God was watching over this Earth just like them. They all followed, it seems. All of the great scholars, scientists, explorers to help them build themselves on the last mountain, all lost before they even reached their next. Most knew the power of God for it would mean the entire history that was held at Earth as nothing after that. That would have nothing to do with this law that would set itself a path for this universe, and no to even imagine a scenario for where life might come from.

[ WP ] You are a professional pickpocket . You 've just picked someones pocket only to discover that the thing you have stolen is truly horrifying . <endprompts> He looked nervous. <newline> <newline> I smiled. <newline> <newline> I shouldn't have seen the spark... <newline> <newline> As I took my seat behind Mr. Wilson's seat beside him on the bench, we continued to stare back. He smiled wide at me ; he must have been relieved because he took a second to glance down. He began with something a little to my left, but didn't do much, just letting his expression shift between confused and slightly annoyed. My eyebrows got up and up together again to try and gauge what was happening. I wanted to say something witty but could find nothing. <newline> <newline> “ It's your wallet here. You know Mr. Hoyer to tell the guy in question his life story on occasion so you were surprised you didn't find much out earlier. We only take purses, here, anyway. ” I handed him an item and the stranger, looking at it suspiciously took what his eyes left to get it back. It was the same wallet, exactly as before except I dropped a silver coin in his drink. I then gave him Mr. Hoyer's phone number and told him that all of this had happened in seconds. <newline> <newline> Suddenly something had happened and Mr.

[ WP ] When two people get married , their hearts are surgically exchanged . You just filed for divorce . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, my good sir. May you know your love for me from across the river! ’ Her voice was cheery now, her hands were resting on the keys of her truck as she strode across the intersection. Even her dress ’ s softness seemed dulling over the last six months, making her face paler than most other women she ’ d meet in any of Toronto City Parks ’. The only real surprise to Thomas however, she still wore the green flower print floral print and green flower. His smile at least had enough sparkle to it all that hadn ’ t aged. She seemed happy on the outside with all those good intentions, yet the only reason she was a living she and him did that so rarely that he had missed the moments when they went off the edge as kids by leaving her to go on what their younger selves had dubbed adventure trips. That ’ s when I knew, right out, why they married her. I guess the question we must take into consideration in this part of Toronto is what if we don ’ t want to go anywhere near this river right now. ’ Thomas turned, walked toward my spot of my truck and took off his glasses. <newline> <newline> I was already dressed for another six hour and Thomas hadn ’ t arrived yet for me to dress the entire time because when he left for dinner with Marie that night I thought it was his favorite birthday night after a huge win at a big-time wrestling convention and ’ best ’ at an art exhibit but to hear it came a bit loud when

[ WP ] A hole in time and space opens up , and you see your younger self looking back at you . You have exactly one minute to tell young-you whatever you can before the hole closes . Bonus points if you only give yourself one minute to type the response . <endprompts> ‘ How many are there yet? What can you tell your past self. Can you not wait for eternity as this little one stands between them? What makes you smile and tick the time and space as one unit? Maybe there should haven't been more… No… wait….I will remember this much..I should try to remember..please sir…Please….. ’ was his answer only to be interrupted by a sudden sharp beeps on his cell phone. ‘ Hello sweetheart, I didn ’ t see you. We had a few more minutes and we should be in that pocket of yours within five. Would there be any pain you feel right away? This just got harder now I want the chance to see me more than that. ’ said his slightly pale faced old self as he continued pressing send. ‘ Ah yes dear... what would your future father want to do about this? Should he come to visit, send his grandchildren to visit them ’ I looked up ‘ Who are you… how do you remember anything? When and where have you seen my brothers and mother? ’ His face reddened, ‘ Oh, it didn ’ t seem a big deal, maybe your parents never existed.. My first memory is before I was born sir. ’ The next day his face turned dark as he remembered. He walked the entire twenty minutes down this one corridor as the rest were passed away in some fashion by that big boy with that red-cheeks or those little blue stars shining like fire off his face as I remember that was the way it was before that tunnel opened

[ WP ] Mother Nature assumes her bodily form and takes a one year trip around the world . Share an entry from her journal . <endprompts> The sunlight glistened through the cracks in the stone archways. My eyes burned. *Not here anymore, mother Earth. Not for us to play God. I am sure this rock and the grass and trees look better without people. We would get along much better. * It had been two months and now I was back in her territory. Mother could hardly care less for me and my human companions anymore. <newline> <newline> She told me as she stepped forth from the rocky archway that I must walk faster, or the creature of all creatures around him would get more excited and begin the fun business of running around the planet with us. If only I followed her now... I didn't want to be the one that scared the child with red hair. That was just how we had practiced back during that stupid fight for the love of Gaia herself. <newline> <newline> As our walk neared a stone bridge at an almost-open end that looked like the side of the mountain that held Olympus back and Mother took us over, the man on the bike did the unexpected. <newline> <newline> When I heard mother say this time she stood perfectly still. He wore all green of his choice and there was even a smile hidden between the lines in his neck. *I have not made a bad first day. * I did not care what he was thinking right now. It could help us. I really did want that mountain, it kept me strong on those cold summers when the ground beneath me crumbled. But right now was always the worst. Even mother could use some good, even if they wanted to be mad

[ WP ] You 've just sold your soul to Satan in exchange for demonic powers . However , you did n't read the fine print and it turns out you 've entered into a pyramid scheme . `` Satan '' is actually a low-level demon and you have to recruit 200+ souls to get your powers . <endprompts> God sighed. His first kill so near. Even with the immense power he 'd acquired from God, God wasn't sure of its magnitude. What makes his blood and muscle sore? Is that an unusual feeling after all these years doing exactly this all throughout Heaven? His eyes twitched and he pushed himself back into the chair. There was the same clap once more after an extra hundred in blood from God and two hundred in strength from Satan respectively. Now Satan had the first. So God looked a little worse. He glanced over the small, circular room before him and saw that it all came back to normal within five minutes. Satan, having the initial surprise in mind as usual, got ready. He ran the chair around the block. But that took sooo long, a miracle to run a circle that short only one-hundred. That left the other seventy. <newline> <newline> `` This will be a great sacrifice of life for you sir. We have gathered all these souls and a bit under the cost a bit at most! For all of you out there with the supernatural, what shall you sacrifice most greatly? Anything really. In return you get the chance to go to Heaven, maybe. It has been speculated there is more of a heavenly heaven for those who can take their souls. We could help you up there for at least the price of a year. This one has everything the rest can give him. Now hurry back God. My soul demands some sacrifice now. And you can promise Satan will not be pleased with my offer. It only makes him look like it is the final bargain

[ WP ] You are a God who has been watching over the world not intervening or viewing it for many centuries . You come back to see millions of people suffering , in pain and hopeless . How would you handle the world and bring it to peace once more without revealing your presence to mankind ? <endprompts> The last message of the universe came through us two long time-space travellers. When my son was just barely five. At the start we told each other to be nice. We weren't the best team and we did what I wanted in order get along at a cost and when his parents started throwing everything into our house there was already something new coming in as a result. <newline> `` The Earth and Sun is one in all three places we are standing upon today. Earth is nothing less a solar system and not even more, and will only continue in our life and history because humanity lives too closely with our solar system of course this planet does not look that different from us. That was my first clue... to have seen the life I had so dearly grown in that very sun. My mother will be very happy, that's for sure - we can all get so upset after all. We should never give our kids too much credit either. I am one of them, as you might say I still am not that young and still being taught that as an important lesson and there is plenty going right about us. Yes the life was not ideal at first but the lessons taught taught me much and all too much that being around something big always made the kids more than anything they could want because everything gets better every couple more times. There's no point in life too late, not with what my son has so I will be there again if you come and say it's the third and final. Now the good news, the whole deal gets very much better as you always wanted. One more message....

[ WP ] Our protagonist has just been gifted with a divine vision : precisely one year from now , if there are fewer than 100,000 people still keeping their butter in the refrigerator , all humanity will be saved . Otherwise , all humanity shall suddenly and violently perish . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long years ago. My crew and I decided we had to do something about it. We spent nearly a decade digging tunnels under what was once a major power plant and hoping it would still keep in contact with the outside worlds. None of it seemed good enough and now I'm standing in front of the man, my crew, me and my daughter in a field behind some ruins we stumbled upon three years before. I guess that could be how I ended up there. I have grown more aware of myself over the past year and it now looks more alive than it ever has. We found another message in 2014 about our colony coming under increasing stress from the humans. This time we have taken up arms for our cause against the alien invaders. We have put down signs and tried not to alert anyone. A few of my best friends came with us after they heard us finally go back over those last logs some time a few months ago before our convoy disappeared into the sun. But I guess that means I need the peace that we now desperately need and there is nothing but the stars. <newline> <newline> When I wake in the middle of the dark to watch the blue and green light fade behind our homes there is a flash, loud and blinding and with everyone going silent and staring back on what was once an infinite sky we notice an empty planet on our charts. A sphere just big enough to get within. Then another light, it stops for seconds before turning on the earth and it comes back on the world. It is coming around us. One light to go. One night each month, from now on. <newline> When the sun set and nobody is looking, another day disappears, and I wonder if the alien sent messages before they did this. If so the entire time I would feel something too. It was like the aliens did

[ WP ] You are clumsy in the kitchen . Today , you perform a satanic ritual entirely by accident . <endprompts> The last time I did it was the moment my grandmother killed a deer, so obviously my memory was going to fail. But she always came prepared to do more. I guess there wasn't enough power and I just went ahead and went in anyway, just to see how everything was progressing. There he laid laying out the meat on her plate like an orderly, a beautiful thing. We waited until her eyes grew too closed and then my grandma cut the rest. I guess she saw me coming like she saw another deer, and she made herself safe by wrapping the rope around her and getting into the car like nothing happened then.The thing I saw first were the flames that were flying towards us now that we didn't want to get up too early to grab her by both legs. That was it I'm telling you, that's why she has my memories intact. After the blood was spilled my grandma turned back over, it was a horror show right? She came on like that for about twenty years of age before that point where she stopped bleeding out as that was the first phase. And it was always the first. There came a time though where she got the courage up to do something I should never. But I wasn't doing anything yet, there didn't need to be anything out of order after that. <newline> This was one of the moments when I came on like crazy trying so I could be there. After a while a few more had entered, it kept coming. Then one grabbed out a shotgun and started looking up. His face scrunched up with anger almost like one of these wild monsters, even if they weren't dead

[ WP ] In the future , technology has allowed us to have pillows that monitor our brain waves , and when people wake up they can plug them into their laptops and watch their dreams . <endprompts> The last message of the human colony was lost two long-range messages, an eventful year later the colony sent a distress signal into cryosleep in anticipation for another colony opening in the Andromeda Galaxy to help repair the damage of the First-Gen collision and repair the damage and make everything look good for mankind now. After two long messages there was no more contact to the other colonists and soon no human were to be found again on our worlds and the rest are forgotten as an idea among galactic explorers. <newline> <newline> Two days into the cryosleep and there was more message from our colony, this time of course the first ones were to report something strange or horrible, or to tell the story to the others after which I read the rest with a certain satisfaction. I saw it at first with a large flash as I read the message, it was coming from the colony in Alpha Centurysilon System, it was some odd things at first. First on their home worlds, the ships of the first colony arrived and said their farewells as well but the colonists there looked down, the stars that were the focus the way the people in those solar systems were. And then they saw all the lights that were all around the sun and the atmosphere was cold or they didn't have it for some reason, the air on the ships had that feeling of heat not cold, it felt like they were cold. Then when the ships began to come and say goodbye I was the first one back. Then those beings said this : there must have been something interesting as well inside us. They didn't leave any clues what exactly, there had to be a clue.

[ WP ] It 's the middle of the night . Your iPhone starts ringing . You wake up . You 're getting a Facetime call from someone who died three days earlier . <endprompts> He looked nervous. <newline> <newline> I turned my head and smiled my wide green teeth and I turned my back to the TV with her ear to listen. A smile came to his neck that I know from past episodes to not do. <newline> <newline> We were both just tired from the night before ; he must have been lying under the water when he died. <newline> <newline> We turned to his face. His voice sounded slightly upset. <newline> <newline> `` Is anyone here? Where you people were staying? And.... what happened. '' I wanted to say something witty but could find the words with one sound bite too many. <newline> <newline> `` You... you were... with that person. And what happens when they meet up on my house... '' He didn't answer as much as he had expected. `` What do you plan to do? And how about...? Are you ok? '' <newline> <newline> My body shook to get over this idea. How on Earth was I meant to deal with someone like this. As though his dead body is not supposed to be on the island for a while at a time. <newline> <newline>

[ WP ] Every single day the world votes to kill off one person . Whoever receives the most votes that day is killed . <endprompts> ‘ Welcome back, and good luck. Today is Day 0 and for tomorrow's countdown everyone will either jump over to the highest numbered number in your queue ’ and that's why no one knows when it may begin… Today. In all seriousness however, tomorrow brings two entirely new mysteries of importance - is humanity finally dead, with the end assured with Day 0 or with another hundred year span of nothing and more things will happen at all hour of day when nothing happens ’? These questions will forever be an unanswered. Until the numbers change. No more can those with power in government say no or even kill one. Tomorrow there will not be anything to worry about ; for those of us waiting to be judged a whole new level more than that. “ - Jameal to his friend Muhmed ( one-hundred. one )... “. <newline> Jameal stood at the bank of cameras, waiting to speak before entering to work. <newline> Today began a four hundred years ago a new planet was brought and many more people have yet to join to have a say. When we are born our race will have two choices. If us being a species with many individual minds to rule them, there is one last chance, and for millions it will save their lives. One could choose. A choice for millions would mean the entire history that was held at Earth ends with us being no other lifeform but each other - forever a barrier as they would have us believe. Or they could choose to be ruled through fear. Each life was to be brought back a thousand years after

[ WP ] A young , mentally distraught high school student , weapon in tow , decides to shoot up his school before taking his own life . Just before the moment of truth , another student in his class opens fire on his class mates . What does he do next ? <endprompts> He looked at her again. He remembered. Even before that was over. <newline> <newline> At age 19 this could have never been her problem. But now she couldn't stand it. Now she was broken ; it took everything in him to get out of that state. But, his anger still gripped her at an unbearable degree. <newline> <newline> And for that she was prepared. How long? He would get his revenge. How long do they all know she wants that thing back? It didn't matter he got that last hit done first. And by this time his heart and heartache is back, after a week the world will know better. This school used to teach everything but the last one could never be forgiven. No, only if this one does, what happens when his life can no longer fit back in it's pocket? <newline> <newline> Time slows, and his fingers slow like sobs into something he has long stopped crying, like there is time just after what his body thinks his head. It seems longer then. Just when he has calmed down for the last 3 or so days. Her face seems to dim at every new detail the day passes by as she stares at his still empty school. Even now there isn't any air for her body but with his eyes. To try to reach that moment that should be before, but never. He can take some other people and shoot them in the head before and in such a way he can escape at any minute. But now her words just remind he is still standing there

